For this reason it is often convenient to overlay the geochemical map with a geological map transparency.
由于这个缘故，最好用透明的地质图蒙在地球化学图上。
Trains and tunnels are overlaid with the multicoloured names and slogans of youths.
青年人在车辆上和隧道中涂满了各种颜色的姓名和口号。
Through use of transparent overlays solutions to acid and base equilibria can be obtained rapidly .
使曲线明显重迭，可迅速得到酸和碱平衡的分解。
Not to mention the physical effects of neural or endocrine overload.
更不用说神经和内分沁超负荷对身体的影响了。
Then he drove straight on to the little temple of Jupiter that overlooked the town.
于是他就赶车直向俯视整个城镇的朱庇特小庙走去。
At daybreak the men from the tribe appeared on the rocks overlooking the shore.
天亮的时候，部落里的人在岩石上出现了，他们在向海滨眺望。
To do otherwise is to overlook the basic nature of both planning and decision making.
否则，就会忽略规划和决策和基本特性。
Clues to the solution are present but are overlooked or discarded for the wrong reason.
虽然存在着解决问题的线索，但因错误的理由而被忽视或抛弃。
I don't know how I overlooked that.
我不知道我怎么没理会这个。
The answer is the same if the limestone overlays the sandstone.
当灰岩盖在砂岩上时，系数是相同的。
Elizabeth had turned from him, Lady Russell overlooked him.
伊丽莎白对他背脸相向，拉塞尔夫人对他视而不见。
No opportunity, risk, or needed preparation would be overlooked.
所有机会，危险，及所要的标准，均无丝毫遗漏。
Poorly exposed mineralization is almost certain to be overlooked.
露头不良的矿化几乎肯定要漏掉。
In fact, we shall merely overlook it completely when applying Huygen's construction.
实际上，在应用惠更斯做图法的时候我们将完全不管它。
Elinor has not my feelings, and therefore she may overlook it and be happy with him.
埃莉诺没有我的感情，所以她可以不计较这一点，和他在一起可以得到幸福。
I haven't overlooked American achievements in science.
我没有低估美国在科学方面的成就。
Such hopes were obviously overly confident.
这些希望，显然过于自信。
Sometimes you are overly frank.
有时候你太直率了。
Pasted plate immediately were given an acid and stored overnight.
涂好的极板立即进行浸酸，储存一整夜。
And suddenly, overnight, before he had time to realize what was happening, he from failure to success and money.
突然间，一夜工夫，他还没搞清楚是怎么回事，他就一跃而成名了---而且有钱了。
First, high birthrates cannot be altered substantially overnight.
第一， 高出生率不可能在一夜之内就被改变。
Fortunes were made overnight by financial manipulators.
而金融市场的操纵者却转瞬之间大发横财。
Each intersection point would have to be made into an overpass and under pass.
在每一个交点处都有一条是地面通道，一条是地下通道。
The Irish would not allow overpopulation to occur again.
爱尔兰人不允许再发生人口过剩。
He was soon overpowered.
他很快就被制服了。
I do not think the German Air Force has the numbers or quality to overpower our air defences.
我不认为德国空军在数量和质量上能击溃我们的空防。
The blush of shame which it excited overpowered the sensation of fear which had produced his former paleness.
它引起的羞愧使他满脸通红，掩盖了先前由于恐惧而形成的苍白脸色。
I sighed in astonishment---the utter desolation depicted in that rude scrawl was overpowering.
我吃惊地叹息着---这匆匆书写下来的无限愁怆之中有一股慑人心魂的力量。
You will excuse my being so much overpowered.
你要原谅我这样情不自禁。
A certain feeling overpowered him, which was strong and incomprehensible, even to himself.
一种古怪的，连他自己也弄不明白的感觉揪住了他的心。
I figured the two of us could overpower him.
我估计咱们两人能对付得了他。
The thanks, the humility, the gratitude, the surprise of Mrs. Quiverful had been very overpowering.
奎瓦富太太的谦恭，惊讶与千恩万谢实在叫人受不了。
Conflict between theory and observation becomes overpowering.
理论同观测的矛盾变得不可调和。
Every man, especially those that are overprovident, is in estate like that of Promethus.
每一个人，特别是那种远见卓识的人，永远处在普罗米修斯所处的那样一种境地。
It is easy to overrate their importance.
人们易于过分强调它们的重要性。
Social analysts often overrate the rate of change.
社会分析家往往过高估计发生变化的速度。
Using B-52s based in Guam seemed to be an overreaction.
使用驻在关岛的B-52轰炸机，又未免太小题大作了。
The analyst's judgement then must override mathematical and statistical significance.
分析家的判断必须超越数学和统计的有效性。
The overriding consideration governing our choice of material is its relevancy to possible use.
在选材中我们主要考虑是否实用。
The other two configurations have overriding advantages for special applications.
其它两种接法对特殊应用具有突出的优点。
Minimum weight and volume are almost overriding requirements for any missile servo.
对于任何一种导弹的伺服系统来说，使它的重量为最轻的体积为最小，几乎是最主要的要求了。
An overriding national goal is the expansion of nuclear power.
国家压倒一切的目标是发展核电。
It was known that the President was not prepared flatly to overrule this Secretary of state on the Middle East.
人们知道，总统不打算在中东问题上断然否决他的国务卿。
I'll overrule Tynan's recommendation and see she's admitted.
我将驳回泰纳恩的建议，保证埃米入境。
He had, for the absolute briefest time, let wishful thinking about results overrule his scientific caution.
有那么一瞬间，他对实验结果的一厢情景压倒了科学的谨慎。
The president's vote may be overruled by a two-third vote of each house.
各议院可以以2/3的票数推翻总统的否决。
After vehement discussion Hitler overruled his Army chiefs.
经过激烈的辨论后，希特勒压制住了他的陆军统帅们。
Farther north still, two Russian armies overran half of East Prussia and drove to the Gulf of Danzing.
再往北，俄国两个集团军，越过了半个东普鲁士，向但泽湾挺进。
The Negro quarter around 135th Street, New York, was overrun with fortune tellers and witch doctors.
在纽约135号街区周围的黑人区，占卜师和巫医泛滥成灾。
They rob and steal, and even threaten to overrun the whole country and turn me and the royal household out.
他们又是抢，又是偷，甚至扬言要蹂躏全国，还要把我和全体皇族赶走。
It could overrun the earth.
它可能会在整个世界上横行无忌的。
383 American craft were overseas by the end of the war.
到战争结束时，共有三百八十三艘美军舰只在海外。
They shouldn't have tried to expand overseas.
他们不应该力图向海外扩张。
About four hundred daylight sorties were made overseas yesterday.
昨天就越海进行昼间袭击约四百架次。
Congress established a loan-guarantee board to oversee the operation.
国会设立了一个贷款保证委员会来监督保证贷款的执行。
He used to oversee my place on the lake, and did it capitally, too.
他替我看管湖边那所别墅，管理得非常出色。
I set up a separate department for George to oversee quality.
我设立了一个单独的部门，由乔治负责管质量。
I don't tend to sympathize with those family heads who are oversensitive.
我对那些神经过敏的家伙并不同情。
In the presence of lubricants the effect of the guide material on friction is overshadowed by the lubricants.
当有润滑剂存在的情况下，导纱杆材料对摩擦的影响则为润滑剂所掩盖。
It seemed to me that constant stressing of the individual rights and privileges of American citizenship had overshadowed the equally important truth.
这在我看来，经常强调个人权利与美国公民特权，似乎过分遮蔽了同样重要的真理。
The contribution of the guide surface roughness overshadows that of the fiber surface roughness.
导纱杆表面粗糙度的作用超过纤维表面的粗糙度。
The huge brick house which Banker White had built on Buckey Street had overshadowed it.
银行家怀特在白克埃街上建的大砖屋，使它默然失色。
It was by then overshadowed, militarily, by Russia.
军事上，它那时已经处在俄国的下风。
Because of their inertia, the electrons will overshoot and oscillate around their equilibrium positions with a characteristic frequency known as the plasma frequency.
因为电子的惯性，它们将冲过平衡位置，并以特征频率围绕它们的平衡位置振荡。
T should not be made larger than necessary since excessive erector damping causes the gyro to overshoot the vertical during erection.
T也不应该做得比需要的更大，因为修正装置阻尼过大将使陀螺在修正过程中偏离垂线过多。
I was sure that time would be granted to make good the oversights of peace and to cope with the equally certain unpleasant surprises of war.
而且我可以断言，我们会有时间来弥补和平时期的疏忽，并应付战争中国家肯定会发生的不愉快的意外事件。
Oversight of the case was given to F. J.
这一案件的监督权交给了弗尼瓦•琼斯。
They are encouraged to overspend and borrow money.
有人鼓励他们超前消费或借款。
A deeper shade of hauteur overspread his features, but he said not a word.
一阵傲慢的阴影罩上了他的脸，可是他一句话也没有说。
It is possible to overstate the benefits of stabilization.
稳定性带来的好处有可能被夸大。
The "friends" was, of course, an overstatement.
“朋友”这个词儿当然有点言过其词。
A drop in the President's tone, a shift of his eyes to Hopkins, told Pug he was now overstaying his time.
总统的声调突然沉了下去，目光向霍普金斯一瞥，这使帕格知道他逗留的时间已经过长。
For the cumulative impact of sensory, cognitive or decisional overstimulation, creates sickness in our midst.
因为在感觉、知觉、和抉择上日积月累的超刺激的冲击，已经在我们中间酿成了疾病。
Don't order any, you are overstocked.
你有超额存货，一点也不用订购了。
Reproduce naturally in the open rather than under an overstory.
宁在空旷地而不是树冠下自然繁殖。
I mean literally that she pushes the search for perfection too far that her merits are in themselves overstrained.
我的确切意思是，她对完美的要求提得太高，这么一来，她就过分渲染了她自己的优点。
Overt watching was prohibited.
公开的监视已被禁止。
An epidemic resulted in overt measles in 99.9% per cent of the indigenous population.
一次流行引起99.9%土著居民患有明显的麻疹。
It made everything between them more overt.
这下子他们之间的一举一动就越发引人注目了。
The combined activities of aphid enemies overtake reproduction by the aphids.
蚜虫天敌的联合活动超过蚜虫的繁殖力。
Near the end of the park young Crossjay overtook him.
在园林的尽头附近，小克罗斯杰追上了他。
The united States could overtake the Germans.
美国能够赶在德国前面。
He had gone about half way when darkness overtook him.
走到半路，天色暗了下来。
At the head of a treat army he marched from one country to anther, overthrowing many a kingdom.
他率领一支大军队从一国打到另一国，摧毁了许多王国。
Everything that the Puritans fought for was overthrown.
清教徒为之战斗的一切又统统被废除了。
Then, for the first time, he overthrew his sense of guilt.
现在，他第一次抛掉了自疚感。
You also could overthrow a bear if you chose to go out and encounter him.
您如果想跟熊较量一下的话，也一定能够把它打翻在地的。
Why has the material and technical apparatus of all the countries of the Entents failed in twelve years to overthrow this artificially fostered Bolshevism?
为什么十二年来所有协约国成员的物质和技术手段却撼不动一个人工培育的布尔什维克主义呢？
I always delight in overthrowing those kinds of schemes.
我一向喜欢戳穿人家的诡计。
Usually they are parallel to each other, and sometimes overturned or overthrusted.
通常它们是彼此平行的，有时是倒转或掩冲的。
Depending on the intensity of the deforming forces the folds may be gentle, sharp, overturned, or overthrust.
根据变形力的强度，褶皱可以是平缓的，陡峭的，倒转的，或逆掩的。
In the postwar interval there has been a tendency toward rising amounts of overtime working.
在战后年月里，额外加班工作量有增长的趋势。
Yet the story of Huck and Jim has dark overtones.
而哈克和吉姆的经历，却又带着阴郁的色彩。
Two can indeed easily be explained as first overtones (see Table 115) which occur strongly because of Fermi resonance.
另外两条的确很容易解释为第一泛频（参看表115），它们的强度由于费密共振而增强。
It was well known that the most flattering overtures had been transmitted to the Duke from the court of St Germains .
圣杰曼斯宫廷向公爵提出过阿谀奉承的建议，这也是尽人皆知的。
On this same day, the first peace overtures from Rome were made.
就在同一天，罗马第一次提出媾和倡议。
His overture led to nothing.
他的提议没有得到什么结果。
He took the letter in his hand and held it up, but made no immediate overture to return it.
他用手把信拿起来举着，不过并没有立即表示归还。
They overtured the platform, recaptured their torches, tore the enemy's banner to tatters and drove them from their position.
他们掀翻讲台，夺回火把，把敌人的旗子撕得烯烂，最后将他们逐出阵地。
They overturned in 1923 state wartime statutes forbidding the use of foreign languages in school.
1923年，他们推翻了禁止在学校中使用外语的一些州的战时法令。
It was because he had not overturned the earth to take his daughter away from a woman who did not love her.
就因为他没有去扭转乾坤，去把他的女儿从一个不爱她的女人手里夺回来。
It overturns economic policies.
它无视经济政策。
Figure 4.1 provides an overview of sectoral trade taxes and subsidies in various developing countries.
图4.1提供了不同发展中国家的部门贸易税和补贴的概况。
You're overweight, and I'm going to put you on a diet.
你的体重超重了，必须节食。
He overwhelmed us with information and let us draw the wrong conclusion.
他向我们提供大量情报，使我们应接不暇，得出错误的结论。
At the moment I'm a little overwhelmed.
这会儿我真是有点目不暇接了。
Zefter reeled as if she were intoxicated, overwhelmed by the clamor and congestion.
泽弗特尔摇摇晃晃地走着，好象喝醉了酒似的。她已经被嘈杂的声音和拥挤的人群闹得晕头转向了。
The job had overwhelmed him a little.
这件任务使他有点手足无措。
I was so overwhelmed that I gritted my teeth.
我不胜困窘，咬紧牙关。
It was even more against our interest to permit the Soviet Union to overwhelm or to humiliate Cuba.
容许苏联压倒或侮辱古巴则更违背我们的利益。
The Beautification has more or less overwhelmed me, both at the library and in the council.
美化运动的工作在图书馆和委员会里多少把我累垮了。
At Borodino the French overwhelmed the Czar's troops.
在鲍罗季诺，法军打败了沙皇军队。
The raider, cornered at length, will overwhelm one weak vessel and escape.
袭击舰即便最后被它们团团围住，它也会摧毁其中一艘较弱的巡洋舰，突围而出。
Viscosity overwhelms the smallest eddies and converts their energy into heat.
粘性制服了最小的旋涡而将其能量转换为热。
The carriage filled with peasants, ebbing and flowing at each station, the smell of garlic was overwhelming in the hot carriage.
车厢里坐满了农民，每到一个车站就涌上涌下，闷热的车厢里弥漫着大蒜气味。
Saddle-tree, who entered immediately afterwards, overwhelmed him with questions, which he answered without understanding them.
随后进来的萨德尔特里铺天盖地问了他许多问题，他却答非所问。
He was a little overwhelmed by the high rank of the men with whom he collaborated.
跟那么些高官大员日常共事，他有点受不了啦。
A ghastly twitch for a smile overwhelmed the compassionate ladies.
一个想笑的鬼脸使同情他的女士们哭笑不得。
Celia, still overwhelmed, seemed hardly to hear.
西莉亚过于兴奋，好象没有听见。
His mansion, estates, and wealth overwhelmed her.
他的寓所，庄园和财产都超过她。
Muffat had again down on the chair; he was overwhelmed by these home thrusts.
莫法又跌到椅子上，他被这些家务问题打击得心神昏乱。
The people of Hamelin overwhelmed him with reproaches.
哈默林镇上的人将他骂得狗血喷头。
Question history, and learn how all the defenders of liberty in all times, have been overwhelmed by calumny.
只要向历史请教一下，你便可以看到，在各个时代，所有自由的卫士是怎样受尽诽谤的。
Then a tragedy overwhelmed the family.
就在这时，一件不幸的事情使家里人悲痛不堪。
To begin with, there was Bethune's overwhelming sense of dedication.
首先是白求恩惊人的献身事业的热情。
He was threatened at once by an overwhelming combination.
他马上就遭到一支强大的联合力量的威胁。
Policy and action alike gained immediate and overwhelming support at home.
在国内，这种政策和行动立即获得了强有力的支持。
He had a sudden overwhelming desire to return to Berenice.
突然之间他产生了一个不可抗拒的渴望，想回到白丽莱茜身边去。
The explosion, combined with escaping steam, produced an overwhelming noise, deep and thunderous.
爆炸加上漏出的蒸汽产生了压倒一切的噪音，如雷鸣般的深沉。
British naval power was temporary and regional and not, as in previous wars, overwhelming.
英国的海军力量不再象以前战争中那样天下无敌了，它的制海权只是暂时的局限于某些地区。
The sheer number of banks was overwhelming.
银行的数量也太多了。
There was overwhelming opposition to empowering him to wage a declared naval war.
绝大多数人反对授权他进行不宣而战的海战。
How many guerrilla Campaigns he had fought there as a child against overwhelming odds!
当他还是个孩子的时候，在这片公地上打过多少次“游击战”啊！而且每次都是和占绝对优势的“敌人”交锋！
Miss Glover entered, and throwing off all her reserve in her overwhelming sympathy clasped Bertha to her heart.
格洛弗小姐走进房，由于丰溢的同情心所支配，她抛却了所有的庄严持重，把伯莎紧紧地抱在怀里。
For a moment he had an overwhelming hallucination of her presence.
他一时觉得她好象就在身边，这种幻觉很强烈。
The election of 1912 seems to have demonstrated that the American people were in an overwhelming progressive, if not rebellious, mood.
1912年的选举似乎证明：当时美国人民即使不是怀有造反的，也怀有一种其势不可抵挡的要求进步的情绪。
The case against Emerson may seem overwhelming.
反对爱默生的舆论大有泰山压顶之势。
The sheer volume of tablets that the archaeologists have uncovered is overwhelming.
考古学家们发现的泥板单就数量而论就很可观。
But if the tasks were overwhelming the opportunity for bold leadership was also great .
不过，虽然任务压得透不过气来，但进行英勇领导的机会也是很多的。
Chief among these motives was the overwhelming idea of the great whale himself.
在这些动机中，首先是那条大鲸，叫人一想起就没法按捺得下自己。
To make a sentence was an overwhelming effort.
讲一句话也吃力得要命。
Frost, if severe and long enough, kills exposed aphids, but enhances development of overwintering eggs.
霜冻，如果是时间较长的霜冻，则可杀死裸露的蚜虫，但可引导产生越冬卵。
You are overworked and ill.
你已经积劳成疾了。
It might be prudent not to overwork those good angels.
不过还是谨慎点儿，别让这些善良的天使操劳过度。
When the drought came, the crops failed and the cattle ate all the grass around the overworked wells.
干旱到来时，作物欠收，负担过重的水井周围的青草全给牛吃光了。
The female reproductive organs are composed of ovaries, oviducts, uterus, cervix uteri, vagina and external genitalia.
女性生殖器官是由卵巢、输卵管、子宫、子宫颈、阴道和外生殖器组成。
Birds, fish, and amphibians are "oviparous".
鸟类、鱼和栖类是“卵生”的动物。
The females use their ovipositers to bore into the bark.
雌蜂用其产卵器钻入树皮。
The domes are circular or ovoid in cross-section.
穹丘的横断面为圆形和卵圆形。
The time at which the two reductive divisions occur is not necessarily coincident to the time of ovulation.
两次减数分裂的时间不一定与排卵时间相一致。
Seed development in most instances commences following fertilization of the ovule.
大多数种子的形成是从胚珠受精开始的。
The ova of earthworms are contained in cocoons.
蚯蚓的卵是包在茧里的。
But do you imagine that in refusing to pay, you shall cease to owe?
你们以为拒绝付款就不欠债了吗？
It was better when you didn't owe anybody.
做人，你还是不欠人家的情分的好。
He who hath good health is young; and he who owes nothing is rich.
身体健康者常年青；无负于人者常富有。
I heard of him first in a rather romantic manner, from a lady who owes to him the happiness of her life.
说来还真有点浪漫色彩，是位女士对我说起的，而这位女士全亏了他才获得了人生的幸福。
A barrister owes the duty to his client.
出庭律师对其当事人承担该义务。
The development of socialism as both an intellectual current and socio-political movement owed much to the influence of Saint-Simon's followers.
作为思潮兼社会整治运动的社会主义的发展，在很大程度上归功于圣西门的追随者的影响。
The final version owed, in fact, more to British than to American expertise.
最后的文本更多的是出自英国而不是美国专家之手。
There are still ten dollars owing.
还欠十元。
The main adverse effect of high speed of operation is the additional stress on the outer race owing to centrifugal force.
高运转速度的主要不利后果是由于离心力在外圈上引起附加应力。
Mr. Slope had endeavoured to strengthen his cause by calling Mr. Arabin an owl.
斯洛普先生试图加强他的理由，称阿拉宾先生为一只猫头鹰。
I sit with my eye on Mr. Creakle, blinking at him like a young owl.
我坐在那看着克里克先生，好象一个小夜猫子一样，冲着他直眨巴眼儿。
Can you give some examples from your own knowledge and experience?
你能从亲自知道的或亲身经历的事例中，举出一些例子吗？
I'll be marked mud among a lot of my Democratic colleagues, but on this one I go my own way.
可能我会在我的大多数民主党同事之中名声扫地，但是在这个问题上，我要走我自己的路。
I shall recommend that you go back for your own safety.
我是为了你个人的安全才劝你回去的。
But Roger understood him better than his own father did.
罗杰了解他，比他的生身父亲更了解他。
He emerged as his own man.
他我行我素。
He owned a couple of movie houses.
他拥有好几家电影院。
I don't like the idea of strangers owning part of our lives.
我不愿意让陌生人占有我们生活的一部分。
I told you you'd own the world one day.
我说过你总有一天会赢得这个世界的。
When his father explained to him how the gold was mined, he dreamed that he owned a gold mine and waked to wish that he did.
当他的父亲告诉他黄金是怎样从矿里开出来的以后，他在梦里获得了一个金矿，醒来后就想真的有一个金矿了。
This tunnel will be a good thing for the West Side and other land you may own over there.
这条隧道对西区有好处，你可以在那儿买一块其他地皮。
Mr McBride owns a factory.
麦克布莱德先生开了一家工厂。
Childish as it is then, I must own I have had great pleasure in watching the approach of the carriage.
就算是孩子气也罢，我得承认我是心花怒放地凝视着马车的到来。
One felt that Murrow finally come into his own in Washington.
人们认为，默罗终于在华盛顿干得得心应手了。
Development economics came into its own as a new field of study in the years following world War II.
第二次世界大战以后，发展经济学逐渐成为一门新的独立的研究学科。
Golby reported that Israel was doing well on the Syrian front and holding its own in the Sinal.
科尔比报告说；以色列在叙利亚战线上打得不错，在西奈前线也打了个平手。
He could hold his own with small talk.
在谈论一些无关紧要的事情时，他也能谈吐自若。
Every man dies---so many of our own have died.
每个人都要死的---许多我们自己人都死了。
Father and mother worked, and children had too much time to spend on their own.
为此父母都要工作，孩子们自己支配的时间太多。
I was on my own in those hearings.
我是独自一人参加那些听证会。
She decided to go ahead on her own.
她决定依靠自己的力量干下去。
I own to you that she has spoken to me of it.
我向你承认，她对我谈到过它。
Had he never owned his affection to yourself?
他从没向您表白过他的爱情吗？
You only say that because you are too proud to own up what you want and can't get.
你不如说由于你自尊心太强。不愿意承认想要而得不到的工作。
In capitalism he struggle occurs between owners (capitalists) and workers.
在资本主义制度下，这种斗争发生在雇主（资本家）和工人之间 。
The owners of the land came to the land, or more often a spokesman for the owners came.
田地的业主们有时到田地上来，业主们的代理人来的次数更多。
If I were sole owner I would nominate you this moment, my dear Dantes, and say it is settled.
我亲爱的邓蒂斯，假如我是独资老板，我现在就可任命你，把事情决定了。
There was a time when the owners of shops and businesses in Chicago had to pay large sums of money to gangsters in return for "protection".
以前曾有一个时期。芝加哥的商店主人和企业老板都得向当地的歹徒缴纳一大笔钱以取得保护。
We might have waited till the owner had published and offered a reward, but we did not dare to venture the receiving of the reward.
我们原可以等到原主公布出来，出一个赏格，但是我们不敢冒险去领赏。
Even worse, Chrysler had lost 7 percent in owner loyalty during the past two years.
更糟糕的是，克莱斯勒公司在过去两年内，顾主的忠诚率缩减了7%。
One of the provisions of the loan guarantees was an employee stock ownership plan for our workers.
在贷款保证的各种条款中，有一条规定让我们的工人拥有职工股票的计划。
It might be a dead thing, that old tragic ownership and enmity, but dead things were poisonous till time had cleaned them away.
这种陈年古代的悲剧性的占有和敌意说不定早已死去了，但是死去的东西在时间把它们清除掉之前，仍旧是有毒的。
So insistent was he in his respect for ownership that he took care not to disturb or displace anything belonging to someone else.
因为没有一刻不尊重旁人的主权，他绝对不动别人的东西。
Concentration in ownership marks the distribution of income and wealth.
财产所有权的集中，标志着收入与财富的分布情况。
He is as strong as an ox.
他力大如牛。
He was at the time wrestling with the soul of a young ox from Manchester.
那时他正在竭力地说服一位来自曼彻斯特的蛮小伙子。
Oxalic acid is always formed during the reaction.
在反应过程中，乙二酸总是会生成的。
However, modified plain weaves, such as the oxford and basket, can provide greater yarn mobility than do taffeta weaves.
改进的平纹纺织，诸如牛津衬衫布和方块纺织都比塔夫塔纺织中纱线容易移动。
Oxidant refers to that group of compounds in the air highly oxidative.
氧化剂指的是在空气中高度氧化性质的一组化合物。
The surface lipids undergo oxidation generating many compounds containing hydroxyl and carbonyl groups.
表面的类脂物氧化后，产生许多化合物，包括羟基和羰基化合物。
Oxidation of soils by bleaches can break down large molecules into smaller segments with polar sites.
关于漂白对污垢的氧化作用，使其大分子裂解为带板性基因的短链段。
The prospective battery manufacturer must choose the type of lead oxide to be used.
一个新建立的电池制造厂如果有条件选择的话，它必须选择铅粉的类型。
Examples of the effects of oxidizing treatments on fw and fa-fw are given in Table 2.
表2列举氧化处理对fw和fa-fw影响的一些实际例子。
The above discussion on first-stage propellant slosh effects is based on the Saturn vehicles, which use kerosene for fuel and LOX for oxidizer.
上面对于第一级推进剂晃动影响的讨论，是建立在“土星”飞行器的基础上，它是采用煤油做燃烧剂，液氧做氧化剂。
Atom number eight is called oxygen.
原子序数为8的物质叫做氧。
The oxygenator, which gives the blood the oxygen with the body needs, is also part of the heart-lung machine.
心肺机中含有一部分叫供氧器，是往血液里送氧的，而氧是血液里所必需的。
Spectroscopic emulsion should be stored in a dry, oxygen-free environment.
光谱测量用的乳胶应贮存在干燥、无氧的环境中。
Oxyliquits are explosives consisting of combustible materials impregnated with liquid oxygen.
液氧炸药是将可燃物浸以液氧组成的。
This heating is accentuated with height because of absorption of solar energy by ozone.
因为太阳能主要被臭氧所吸收，这种加热随高度的变化很突出。
They moved on a dozen paces.
他们往前走了十几步。
He quickened his pace, and took up new threads of talk.
他加快了脚步，找了些新的话题谈着。
With controlled pace and sequence of construction, excess heat disperses.
在对施工进度和程序加以控制之后，多余的热量就能散掉。
The pace of agricultural growth since the reforms began has been unprecedented.
改革以来的农业增长速度是前所未有的。
The pace of London life is enormous.
伦敦生活的节奏很快。
The pace of further development is slow.
进一步改进的步调是缓慢的。
Technology transfer will continue at an ever increasing pace.
技术转让总会保持不断加快的步伐。
He finds the pace at which his wife works exhausting.
他认为妻子那种工作方式太辛苦。
Lu Xun writes with a leisurely pace.
鲁迅以一种悠闲的笔调进行写作。
Briefly the old man paced the chairman's broadloom.
老头在董事长的阔幅地毯上踱了片刻。
Clifton Lawrence rose from his chair and began to pace.
克利夫顿•劳伦斯从椅子上站起身来，开始踱步。
He was pacing the room swiftly, eagerly, with his head sunk upon his chest and his hands clasped behind him.
他的头低垂胸前，两手紧握在背后，迅速而急切地在屋里踱来踱去。
While I paced softly on, the last sound I expected to hear in so still a region, a laugh, struck my ear.
我轻轻地向前走着，万万没有想到在这样寂静的一个地方，竟然会听到刺耳的笑声。
She paced the shore all night.
她在岸边徘徊了整整一夜。
I walked away at a good pace.
我迈开大步走去。
A small troop was threading the causeway at a good pace.
一小队人马在堤道上急急地赶路。
The girls had to hasten their steps to keep pace with his.
女孩子们得加快步子才能赶得上他。
In the case of the moon the rotation keeps pace exactly with the revolution.
月球的自转与公转精确地同步。
We feel in ourselves all the vigour and spirit to keep pace with the universe.
我们觉得自己活力充盈，可与宇宙并驾齐驱。
Bank loans during the prosperity decade did not keep pace with the rising level of economic activity.
十年繁荣期间的银行贷款没有随着经济活动水平的提高而增长。
You must mend your pace if you would reach home by dinner time.
你如果想在吃晚饭前赶到家，就得加快步伐。
He paced out the length and width of the room.
他用步子量出那房间的长度和宽度。
If we let the fastest runner set the pace the others will be left behind.
如果我们让跑得最快的人领头儿跑，其它人就会跟不上了。
He's going there tomorrow to show his paces.
他明天要去那里显显身手。
At first, in the early 1950s, the patient wore his pacemaker outside his body, and wires passed through his skin to connect it to his heart.
最初，在五十年代初期，患者带一个体外心搏器、电线通过他的皮肤连接到心脏。
the S-A node is often called the pacemaker of the heart because it establishes the basic rhythm at which the heart beats.
S-A 结由于建立了心跳的基本节律，故常称为起搏点。
He was nominated a member of the district administration of Saumur, and exercised a pacific influence in both politics and commerce.
上面派他当索漠区的行政委员，于是政治与商业都受到他温和的影响。
The kind and most tolerant Jade Emperor was advised to pacify you.
仁慈宽厚的玉皇大帝听从了别人的建议去安抚你。
This idea, sharply expressed by Morris's handsome lips, renewed for a moment to the poor girl's temporarily pacified conscience all its dreadful vividness.
莫里斯英俊的嘴唇把话说得这样明白，可怜的姑娘暂时平静的感觉中一时又浮现出可怕然而真切的想象。
She knew that he had become delirious, and tried to pacify him.
她知道他已经神志昏迷起来了，极力想使他镇静下来。
You see we were quite right to pacify that country.
你瞧，我们平定那个国家是很对的。
That should pacify her.
那会使她平息下来的。
His conscience was pacified by the resolution of inviting his sisters an other year.
既已决定在另一年里邀请他的妹妹作客，他的良心也就获得了安宁。
The broadcasts themselves require pacing and style.
广播节目本身需要节奏和风格。
The two travellers shouldered their packs, resumed their arms, and quitted the little area of light.
两个旅行者背起行囊，拿起武器，离开这小块阳光照耀着的空地。
He took a pack of cigarettes from his shirt pocket.
他从衬衣口袋里取出一包纸烟。
I had a pack of cards.
我有一副扑克牌。
Most want to win, or at least, to place at the head of the pack.
大多数人想要取得胜利或者至少处于那一伙人的前列。
Disappearance of the Arctic pack would enable the largest tanker to reach there.
北冰洋的冰雪消融将会使最大的油轮驶抵那里。
You would not have had time to come back and decently pack your things and depart.
你不会有时间回来从从容容整理东西，然后再动身。
I shall be packing my luggage.
我要收拾行李。
His skill in packing and unpacking had been acquired solely in the service of Colonel Pikeaway.
他打行李，拆行李的技术完全是他在尼克韦上校手下工作期间学来的。
The next night, too, Dick packed.
第二夜里，迪克还在收拾行装。
Hilma's trunks were packed with her new dresses.
希尔玛的衣箱里装满了新衣裳。
Their godowns at Batavia were packed with unexportable goods.
他们在巴达维亚的仓库里塞满了不能出口的货物。
The six traffic lanes in the street were packed with vehicles.
街上的六条车道充斥着汽车。
The market-place was full of women, the streets packed with men.
商场里妇女摩肩接踵，街上男人比比皆是。
I was on a packed bus.
那时我在一辆拥挤的公共汽车上。
When we got to the house, the street in front of it was packed.
等我们来到那所房子，前面的街上已经挤满了人。
The galleries were packed.
旁听席上座无虚席。
The narrow street with its modest two-family dwellings and tiny lawns was packed with his followers.
这条狭窄的街上都是两户合住的朴素房屋和小草地，这时已被跟随他的人挤得水泄不通。
You could save a lot of memory by packing decimal digits.
你可以借助于压缩十进制数字的方法来节省大量的存储单元。
The packing of spherical atoms of ions is one of the most fundamental structural patterns of nature.
球形原子或离子的堆积是自然界中一种最基本的结构模式。
Because the molecules in liquids are so densely packed together , the average time between collisions is a picosecond or less .
由于液体中的分子很密地积聚在一起，所以，两次碰撞之间的平均时间间隔只有一微微秒或者更短些。
In the winter the snowballs are packed with rocks.
在冬天，雪球里嵌上了石块。
We began packing the freight cars much more tightly.
我们开始把货运汽车装得更加密集。
Heat transfer coefficients in a packed bed have been investigated by Leva and Beck.
填充床的传热系数已由利瓦和贝克作过研究。
The book told a pack of lies.
这本书是一大堆谎言。
The people packed into the train.
人们挤进火车。
"Why don't you pack it in?" she asked.
“为什么你不就此了结？”她问到。
Should I pack it in and retire?
我该不该干脆洗手不干，从此退休呢？
I don't see why you should pack her off like a servant with a month's notice.
我不知道你为什么要把她打发走，象以一个月为期把一个仆人打发走一样。
What he ought to do was pack up and run.
他应该做的就是收拾东西溜之大吉。
You can pack up and go wherever you want, young fellow.
年轻人，收拾起行李，爱到哪里，就到哪里吧！
Somebody must have had them.
一定有人动它们了。
A package of razor blades doesn't run away and hide.
一包刀片不会自个儿跑掉藏起来的。
They searched my pockets and packages.
他们搜了我的口袋和包裹。
A bill of lading doesn't only contain numbers and weights and marks of packages but a lot of other information as well.
提单不只包含数量、重量和箱包的唛头---它也包含许多其它的情况。
We can split the system into many packages linked with plugs and sockets.
我们可以将此系统分成许多用插头和插坐连接起来的部件。
A number of program packages of systems have been developed.
许多程序标准部件或程序体系已经提出来了。
Most bank services are offered in packages.
大部分银行都提供成套服务。
It has generally been part of a much larger regional plan or policy package.
一般总是更大的一揽子区域计划或政策的一个局部。
New ways have been found for controlling harmful insects, for preserving food, for packaging, storing and marketing farm products.
控制害虫、保藏食物以及包装、贮藏和推销农产品的新方法发明了。
After completely processed wafers are tested, those chips that pass the tests are ready to be packaged.
全部工艺完成后，片子要进行测试，合格的片子便去封装。
She's nothing but a packaged beauty.
她只不过是个包装花哨的美人。
Packaging materials may look beautiful but cause much waste.
包装材料看起来很漂亮，但是造成了许多垃圾。
Graphic design plays an increasingly influential part in societies dominated by mass media and susceptible to skilful packaging.
在大众媒介统治，为精致的装潢所吸引的社会里，图案设计起着越来越有影响的作用。
I can never find those beastly little blue packets.
那些肮脏的蓝色小盒我无法找到。
The energy contained in light comes in little packets.
光蕴含的能量是一小份一小份的。
An electron can drop from a higher level to a lower one with the emission of packet of electromagnetic radiation.
利用电磁辐射束的辐射，能使电子从高能级落到低能级。
These energy packets are called photons.
这些具有能量的微粒叫光子。
There will be a packet to Calais.
明天有邮船开到加莱去。
A saturated uniform packing is difficult to obtain.
要获得饱和均匀的装填是困难的。
The volume of a solution of a salt is generally less than the sum of the unmixed volumes of the salt and the water, because of the tight packing of water molecules in the salvation shell around the ions.
盐溶液的体积一般都小于未混合时盐的体积与水的体积之和，因为水分子紧密地堆积在离子周围的溶剂化层中。
Obviously, the crimp geometry in staple fiber brings about a spatial hindrance that works against fiber packing during the needing process.
显然，短纤维上卷曲几何形状在针刺过程中对纤维压缩密集，在空间上受到限制。
It was a pact made in fun long ago.
这是很久以前在开玩笑时定下的口约。
This is a pact between us.
这就是你我之间的公约。
They construed the social contract as a pact of complete subjection to an absolute sovereign.
他们把社会契约看成是公民完全服从专制君主的条约。
The trade pact between those two countries came to an end.
那两国的通商协定宣告结束。
Both men were wearing hard hats and protective ear pads.
两人都戴着安全帽和护耳垫。
The stiffness of the elements in this case would be that of a supporting pier or elastomeric bearing pad or a combination of these.
诸单元的刚度则是指支承墩的刚度或弹性支承垫板的刚度或这些的合成的刚度。
To avoid this problem, the effective bonding pad sizes and spacing must be reduced.
为了避免这个问题，有效的键合压脚尺寸和间距都必须减少。
Next to Paulsen , Nim Goldman doodled thoughtfully on a pad .
波尔森旁边，尼姆•哥尔德曼一边沉思，一边漫不经心地在一张便条上乱画着。
She got up, fetched a writing pad and pen.
她起身拿了一本信笺和一支笔。
The drip type cooler is a fan unit with evaporative pads.
滴水式冷却器是一个带有蒸发填料的风机装置。
He sat down and wiped his mouth and licked his pads.
它蹲下来，弄干净嘴，又舔着自己的脚爪。
We should have a good pad in our right hand to protect our Middle Eastern interests.
我们应当用右手拿着坚固的盾牌去捍卫我们在中东的利益。
Late Monday afternoon, reading the obscure and intricate markings, they identified a launching pad.
星期一傍晚，在判读模糊不清和错综复杂的记号时，他们认出了一座发射台。
This staff will merely be a great pad between the theatre commanders and the Combined Chiefs of Staff.
而这些人员只会成为战区司令官和联合参谋长委员会之间的一个庞大的缓冲队伍。
This arguments, developed for a padding process, would not necessarily apply to treatments in which a polymer is exhausted onto wool fibers.
这个有关浸轧处理论证，对于聚合物能被羊毛吸进的处理，不定能适用。
Uncle Harold padded out of the room.
哈罗德叔叔轻轻地走出房间。
He padded to the bathroom for a shower.
他慢吞吞地走进浴室洗淋浴。
He padded on and disappeared from sight.
他步伐沉重地向前走去，渐渐消失了。
Mann found that by rotating his bottles in the water with a device similar to a paddle wheel.
曼用一种与浆轮相似的装置在水内旋转水瓶，发现这一点。
A rubber ball attached to a paddle by an elastic string loses energy as it files away from the paddle.
一根弹性绳把一只皮球拴在一块叶片上当球飞离叶片时，球失去能量。
You control a paddle that hits balls against the wall.
你操纵开关使小球对着墙走去。
He paddles his own canoe.
他自己划独木舟。
He was paddling with his right hand and holding onto the line with his left.
他右手划着水、左手抓着鱼线。
Their fields are mere paddocks.
他们的田地都只是一些牧场。
A proportion of the paddocks can be withdrawn for mowing.
可以抽出一定比例的地块供收割牧草用。
Kepler in particular wrote paeans to God on the occasion of each discovery.
Kepler在每次获得发现时都对上帝写了颂歌。
It tends to assume the form of a pagan religious ceremony, adapting itself to the forms and the ritual of the local church.
它则趋向采取一种异教徒的宗教礼仪的方式，并且使自己适应于地方教堂的各种礼节和仪式。
Though he closed his eyes and called on Jesus---calling over and over again the name of Jesus---his pagan body stiffened and flamed.
他虽然合上眼睛，呼唤着耶稣---一遍又一遍地叫着耶稣的名字---但是他那不信教的身体却绷得直直的，浑身激情奔放。
Plainly pagan, rather than religious, life interested him, although as yet he was not fully aware of this.
能引起他兴趣的，显然只是世俗的的生活，而不是宗教生活，虽说他还不能充分意识到这一点。
They have a right to their opinions, but opinions belong to the editorial page.
他们有权发表他们自己的意见，但是，意见应发表在登社论的那一版上。
On the theater page there was a review from New York of a new play that had just opened.
在戏剧栏里，有一篇剧评提到纽约来的刚开演的新戏。
They opened its pages to the young Henry James.
他们把园地开放给年轻的亨利•詹姆斯。
Isabel, with her eyes bent, fingered the pages of M-Ampere.
伊莎贝尔垂下了眼皮，用手指拨弄着安培的书。
His pages are crowded with literary allusions.
他的诗文满是文学典故。
America and China each turned a new page in their histories.
美国和中国都揭开了本国历史上的新篇章。
He paged through the magazine again.
他把杂志翻了一遍。
We had a page with a feather in his hat upon another horse.
我们还有一个帽上插着鸟羽，骑在另一匹马上的侍童。
Her feet were in the care of the lady's maid and the lady's Italian page.
她的脚是由夫人的女佣人和夫人的意大利小厮照料着。
The page who, at the castle of the king of France, was suspended by silken cords.
法国国王的城堡里，一个小侍从被人用丝带悬挂起来。
Please page the surgical resident for emergency room.
请叫外科住院医师到急诊室来。
I left word for Bathurst to page me here.
我已经给巴祖斯特留下了话，叫他来电话到这找我。
The Tournament of Roses is the oldest and largest of the New Year's pageant.
玫瑰花赛会是历史最悠久，规模最宏大的新年庆典。
Life was a colorful painful pageant to her.
生活对她说来是一场丰富多彩而痛苦的表演。
This Mardi Gras pageant was the exclusive possession of New Orleans until recently.
这种马尔第•格拉斯化装游行直到新近为止，向来是新奥尔良所特有的盛会。
To me the pageant of seasons is a thrilling and unending drama.
在我看来，一年四季的绚丽景色犹如一出无尽的动人的戏剧。
Every mile of this road northward from Sianfu evokes memories of the rich and colorful pageant of his people.
在这条从西安府北去的大道上，每走一里路都会勾起他对本民族丰富多彩的绚烂历史的回忆。
The rest were an insubstantial pageant .
其余的都不过是华而不实的过眼烟云罢了。
You can't line a garbage pail with a television set.
你无法用电视机来垫衬垃圾桶。
I noticed there was a hole in the bottom of his pail.
这时我注意到，他那水桶的底下有一个窟窿。
Has he ever had any chest pain before?
以前他有过胸痛吗？
The duration of pain was prolonged.
疼痛期延长。
She could not tell if it was pain or pleasure.
她说不出这是痛苦还是快乐。
It's impossible to do research without inflicting some pain on animals.
搞研究不让动物遭点罪是不可能的。
After this I spent a great deal of time and pains to make me an umbrella.
事后，我又费了许多时间，吃了不少苦头，为自己作了一把伞。
It was a cancer for permanency and pain.
那简直是一颗永远折磨人的毒瘤。
To do good work requires time and pains.
把活干好需要时间和劳力。
He was madly destroying the machine which had cost him so much pains to build.
他发狂地在破坏他那煞费苦心制成的机器。
There is so much pain around us.
我们周围哀鸿遍野。
Just now he appeared disburdened of pain.
从目前来说，他似乎已转危为安。
The collection of his confession of the night before was a cause of acute pain to him.
他回忆起前天晚上的忏悔，不觉心如刀割。
There are few things better worth the pains in a provincial town like this.
在这样一个省城里，比这更值得干的事并不多。
It pained me to think that other children were wondering if I were hungry.
别的孩子们都在怀疑我是不是在挨饿，一想到这事儿我就头痛。
You pain me very much by speaking in this way, Vincy.
你这么讲使我非常痛心，文西。
I have been pained by her manner this morning, and can't get the better of it.
她今天早晨的态度使我感到痛苦，我不能平静下去。
She saw how much she had pained Edward.
她看到自己使爱德华多么难堪。
The hang of faded clothes would pain her eyes.
披着旧衣服会使她目不忍睹。
My job is a pain in the neck.
我的工作令人讨厌。
She knew that he was in great pain.
她知道他正剧烈疼痛。
She never spoke to any one of being crippled, or of being in pain.
她没有对任何人说过她怎么成了瘸子，没有说过她多么痛苦。
You give me a pain.
你真叫我头痛。
You would never give her a pain?
你不会让她难过吧？
Most of the American companies---generally resist joint ventures and go to great pains to avoid them.
许多美国公司普遍抵制合资经营，采取一切办法来躲开它。
I never see him myself without taking pains to converse with him.
我自己每次见到他的时候都努力去和他谈话。
She took pains to be as charming as possible.
她尽力使自己显得妩媚些。
She apparently took pains to convince him that she had adopted the right system.
她显然竭力使他相信她采取了一套正确的办法。
He took no pains to hide his contempt for Mr. Bounderby.
他毫不设法来掩饰他对庞得贝先生的鄙视。
When a captain got hold of a pilot of particularly high reputation, he took pains to keep him.
每逢一个船长用到一名名声特别高的掌舵者，他必须千方百计把他留住。
He was one of those men who take infinite pains over trifles, flattering themselves that they never do things by halves.
他是那种在琐事上无穷操心和自以为做事情很彻底的男人之一。
He sat down beside me, taking some pains to sit on the form.
他坐在我旁边，怪费劲地端着架子。
He didn't resent taking pains to assure the financial security of his family.
为了使他的家庭在经济上有保障而苦心经营，他对此毫无怨言。
As usual, he took considerable pains over his journal.
象往常一样，他写日记总要花费不少脑筋。
He took pains to pare and polish himself down to the pattern of the rest of the world, but he never succeeded.
他煞费苦心地要把自己修饰得能赶上潮流，可是他始终没能如愿以偿。
Genius is an infinite capacity for taking pains.
天才是一种吃苦耐劳的无限能力。
A proclamation was soon issued to forbid the action upon pain of death.
过了不久就有告示禁止这种行为，违者处死。
It was with a pained, and proud, and indignant tone that Nydia made this humble reply.
尼狄亚谦卑的回答声调里带着痛苦、骄傲和愤慨。
She was pained at her own bitterness.
她是为自己的苦难而难过。
The pained animal's voice rasped on Scarlett's nerves until she was temped to stop and untie the beast.
那凄惨的叫声使得思卡利特神经一根根地竖起来，几乎要跳下车将这动物放掉。
His legs are very painful.
他的腿很疼。
Full of her painful thoughts, the journey passed quickly.
她一路上痛苦地思索着，旅程很快地结束了。
It was painful to think of it.
想起来就叫人伤心。
His shyness, which was so painful as a defect, filling him with a mild complacency now that it was regarded as an interesting study.
他的腼腆是一种使人他痛心疾首的缺点，而现在被当成了一个有趣的，值得探讨的问题，这使他的心里充满了淡淡的满足感。
The weeks, dreary and painful, dragged by and turned into months.
日子沉闷而难熬，一个星期一个星期，一个月一个月地过去了。
In that year the pressure upon our country was undoubtedly painful.
那一年，我国承受的压力无疑是难忍的。
The anxiety increased, became almost painful for a moment.
越发越增添了心中的忧虑，一时竟至忧心如焚。
"This is a painful task," said he.
“这是一份不愉快的差事，”他说。
On looking back it seems that the path to commercial success with fluidized processes is unusually painful and complex.
回顾起来，流态化过程取得工业成就的道路是十分艰难而复杂的。
After a slow, painful walk down the mountain, Jed came to a cool-looking river.
往下走了一段缓慢辛苦的山路后，杰德来到一条看来很清凉的河流前。
On abuse, on reproach, on calumny, it is easy to smile; but painful indeed, is the panegyric of those we contemn.
面对谩骂、非难，中伤而一笑置之，那是容易的；可是，老实说，要藐视这些颂词却是需要费点儿力气的。
He turned painfully in his bed and looked at his white hands, with all the work gone out of them.
他在床上痛苦地翻着身，看着他那早已不干活的、变得苍白的手。
He had painfully written out a first draft.
他煞费苦心地写了初稿。
Mr. Quiverful was an honest, painstaking, drudging man.
奎瓦富先生是一个诚实正派，刻苦耐劳的人。
He was a methodical and painstaking man.
他是一个有条理而又苦干的人。
It was this painstaking apprenticeship that gave Van Gogh mastery of painting.
这种辛勤的练习，使梵高精通了绘画技巧。
The Chancellor threw away the results of five years of painstaking effort by the Labour Government in getting down inflation.
财政大臣把工党政府为了减少通货膨胀而辛辛苦苦工作了五年的成果全部付之一炬。
As a result of many such painstaking studies, our present know ledge of the oceans has accumulated.
由于许多这类的艰苦研究，我们现有的关于海洋方面的知识才得以积累起来。
This kind of painstaking care and zeal has become part of Li's working philosophy.
这种艰苦卓绝的认真态度和极端的热忱，已成为李的工作哲学的一个组成部分。
The experts did a painstaking sifting of debris.
专家们对岩屑进行了煞费苦心的研究。
It had never been given such painstaking publicity.
这事从未象现在这样大张旗鼓地四处张扬过。
The highest desire of his soul just now was for a respectable life of painstaking.
现在他内心里的最高愿望是过一种受人尊敬的、埋头苦干的生活。
Moreover, there is still a third compound, red lead, the well-known paint.
此外，还有第三种化合物：红铅，是人们熟悉的颜料。
In industry, it can be applied to cosmetics, paint, cement.
在工业上，它能应用于化妆品、涂料、水泥。
That further feminine step in advance which combines paint and petticoats together had not found a votary in Miss Thorne.
女性采取的把指粉和裙子结合起来的更为前进的一步，并没有得到索思小姐的支持。
Paint was a big fact in their lives.
彩绘是她们生活中的一件大事。
I must be painted on a wooden case.
它必须画在一只木盒子上。
The students go to Barbizon or such places and paint in the open air.
学生们去巴比松或这类地方的野外写生。
He was all painted white with two red spots on his cheeks.
他脸上都涂白了，只有双颊点了两个红点。
The other women paint in order to try and look young.
另一种女人涂脂抹粉，尽量显得年轻些。
He had an incentive to paint the crisis to the media in the darkest possible terms.
他尽可能把这次危机向新闻界说得严重一些。
In painting myself such as I am, you should gave me credit for my sincerity.
我这样描绘自己，你总该可以相信我的真诚。
He paints a very black picture of Werner, which may well be distorted.
他把韦尔纳描摹得十分可怕，很可能是有点添油加醋。
He painted the lid of the piano with absorption.
他专心致志地油漆着钢琴盖。
It should, however, I think, be stipulated that he should paint the inside every seven years.
不过我想应该规定，他每七年得把内部粉刷一次。
High overhead, the pale disc of the winter sun paints the mist with brightness.
冬季惨白的日轮高高在上，把雾照得通亮。
The painter had painted exactly what he saw.
画家精确地画出了他所看到的事物。
Do you like paintings?
你喜欢绘画吗？
They would look at paintings together.
他们将一起观赏油画。
This is the very painting of your fear.
这就是你的恐惧的肖像。
We all know the many paintings of man transformed to raging beast by the curse.
我们都知道，许多男人被诅咒成暴怒的野兽的形象。
Each F distribution has a pair of degrees of freedom.
每个F分布，都有一对自由度。
Next a pair of feet was seen in the distance.
接着，他们看见远处有一双脚。
If I placed a safety pin on a steel railroad track and let a train run over it, the safety pin would turn into a pair of bright brandnew scissors.
如果把一枚别针放在铁路钢轨上，让火车从上面压过，别针就会变成一把闪光发亮的新剪刀。
A charged particle moving through a gas or a solid produces ion pairs.
带电粒子通过气体或固体就产生离子对。
"Two" is a pair.
"2"是偶数。
Here the gentiles were required to assist newly married pairs in the construction of their houses.
在这里，氏族成员有协助新婚夫妇建造房屋的义务。
The load was applied and held constant by a screw-type machine to insure that the displacement printout could be paired with a known load.
载荷用螺旋式机械施加并保持不变，以保证打印出的位移能够和已知载荷相适应。
Most galaxies occur in pairs or in small multiple groups.
大多数星系成双或几个成一小群。
The magnetic fields produced by the orbital motions of the electrons in filled shells also cancel in pairs.
满壳层中电子的轨道运动所产生的磁场也被成对地抵消了。
When the idea of a gens was developed , it would naturally have taken the form of gens in pairs .
当氏族观念日益发展时很自然地就会出现成双配对的氏族。
He paired off with Miss Sedley.
他和赛特笠小姐结成了一对儿。
Several of his pals started to move in on me.
他的几个同伙准备对我下手。
He didn't have any pals.
他没有帮手。
How can you treat him like that?
你怎能这样对待他？
Remember, he's my pal.
记住，他是我的老友。
You should pal up with him.
你应该和他交朋友。
The king and queen welcomed him to their palace and listened with pleasure to the story of his voyage.
国王和王后欢迎他到王宫之中，愉快地倾听他的航行故事。
Henceforth my path will not lie through palaces, nor my conversation be with kings.
从今以后，我的道路不再通过宫廷殿堂，我的交往不再是王公贵胄。
They took us to the municipal palace.
他们把我们带到市政厅。
Hundreds of steps lead to the high walls which surround the president's palace!
数百级台阶通向总统府周围的高墙。
We had dinner that evening with Civil Governor Liu at his palace.
当晚我们和刘省长在他的官署中共进晚餐。
The palace should not scorn the cottage.
高贵者不应该看不起卑贱者。
They include many that are highly palatable.
其中有些还相当好吃。
Mother provides palatable meals for our family every day.
母亲每天为家人烹制美味的三餐。
Some patients find shohl's solution more palatable.
有些病人感到shohl氏溶液较为可口。
Most articles are certainly not palatable to a larger circle.
大多数文章谈不上适合更多人的胃口。
There have been various attempts to remove this dualism, or make it more palatable.
人们曾作出各种努力来消除这种二元论，或使它更合乎口味。
The soft palate is very red and displaced forward.
软腭充血并向前移位。
It was a Venetian scene, with a perfectly splendid marble palazzo.
这是一幅威尼斯的风景画，画着一座富丽堂皇的大理石宫殿。
He was pale, perspiring heavily, and nauseated.
他面色苍白，大汗淋漓并有些**。
They make their inspection in Mr. Krook's back second floor, from which a few of the Jury-men retire pale and precipitately.
他们在克鲁克先生铺子后面的第二层楼上进行搜查，这时候有几个陪审员脸色发青，急急地退出来了。
They were as rigid as stone images, and as pale.
他们象石头人似的那么纹丝不动，也全都那么面无人色。
He could not sleep at night, and before long he was pale.
他晚上睡不着觉, 不久便面容憔悴 .
The look in Norbert's pale blue eyes was one of pure pity.
诺贝特的淡蓝色眼睛流露出纯粹怜悯的神情。
His hair was pale and lightless.
他的头发灰暗没有光泽。
The colour of these objects was chiefly pale or sombre.
这些东西的色彩主要是黯淡，或者说灰暗。
Today all that seems pale and thin and very far away.
现在，一切都显得疏落惨淡，一切都远离我们而去。
The white city faintly shimmered in the pale sunshine.
这座洁白的城市在朦胧的曙色中闪耀着微光。
Everything about her was sweet, pale, like honey.
她浑身上下都是甜蜜蜜，软绵绵的，象蜂蜜那样。
Instead of outwatching the stars, let us visit one at whose beauty the stars grow pale。
我们与其整夜看星星，还不如去拜访一下星星也为之感到逊色的美人。
The atmosphere turned pale, the birds shook themselves in the hedges, arose, and twittered.
大气是一片熹微的晨光，鸟儿也都在树篱上摇身醒来，吱吱喳喳地叫。
Now all paled under the stroke of world events.
这时，在世界大事的突然发作下，一切都相形失色了。
Compared to me, other wonders of the universe pale into insignificance.
宇宙间的其它奇迹，和我相比，都显得无足轻重。
Jews were forbidden to live beyond the "pale of settlement".
犹太人被禁止住在“定居区”外。
for they had placed themselves beyond the pale of humanity.
因为他们已跑到人类的圈子以外去了。
Probably he would lay down his brushes and palette.
也许他会放下画笔和调色板。
The permeation constant of gases through metals is negligible except for hydrogen through palladium or iron.
除了氢气能穿过钯和铁之外，气体穿过金属的透气常数是可以略而不计的。
The chance for palliation and long-term survival is greater with metastatic breast carcinoma than with any other late malignant disease.
乳腺转移癌得到缓解和长期生存的机会大于其它恶性肿瘤的转移癌。
More frequently some form of local palliative operation is done.
进行一定方式的局部姑息手术则更为多见。 
Treatment of electrical burns is palliative.
电烧伤的治疗只起治标作用。
This is only a palliative.
这仅仅是一种掩饰。
I have suggested palliatives for the change-pressed individual.
我为深受变化重压之苦的个人提供几剂良药。
He was no older than some of the other men, but among the fresh ruddy English skins his stood out dry, pallid.
他并不比其中某些人老，但是同英国人鲜嫩，红润的皮肤相对照，他的皮肤显得枯干，苍白。
She was just so pallid and uninteresting and always the same, beside Scarlett's bright and changeable charm.
跟思嘉那种漂亮而善变的风度相比起来，她十分暗淡，十分没趣、十分呆板。
She thought Charles was a beautiful man for a husband; a great deal too good for a pallid creature like Ernestina.
她认为查尔斯长得很帅，是位漂亮丈夫，要是配欧内斯蒂娜这样病恹恹的可怜虫，那未免太好了些。
Aaron Neuberger raised his hand to the level of his head, palms outward, as if in prayer.
阿隆•纽伯格把双手举到头那么高，手掌向外，似乎在作祷告。
He took sixpence from the palm of her hand and went to the counter to pay.
他从她手心里拿了六便士到柜台付了钱。
The Azores will be in his palm.
亚速尔群岛就成为他的囊中物了。
Don't palm all your abuses of language upon me.
不要把你所有责骂的语言强加给我。
That writer could attempt to palm off an inferior and immature production under the cover of one successful effort.
一个作者，想方设法在一部成功作品的掩护下，把自己低劣、粗糙的作品推销出去。
Palms and azaleas were banked round the porter's lodge.
在门房周围摆满了棕榈和杜鹃花。
He carried off the palm by sheer perseverance.
他全靠不屈不挠的精神获得胜利。
There are people who give the palm to riches or to power and office, many even to sensual pleasures.
有的人乞求财富、权势、高官厚禄，许多人甚至乞求感官快乐。
Soy bean oil and its products normally contains only 7 to 11% palmitic acid.
豆油及豆油制品在正常情况下只含7-11%的软脂酸。
None of the vessels and nerves of the hand is visible or palpable.
手的血管和神经不能看到或摸到。
There are palpable mobile axillary nodes.
能扪到活动的腑窝淋巴结。
Lymph nodes are enlarged and easily palpable.
淋巴结增大，易于触知。
Company would be a palpable improvement, he thought.
他暗自想着，要是有个伴，那就显然是强得多了。
It certainly was not worth while to throw a veil of innocence over such palpable human cupidity.
要在这么露骨的人类的贪婪性之上加以无辜的面网，也当然是不值得的。
Yet now the palpable relief at the war's end gave rise to acute uneasiness about its implications.
现在战争结束了，宽慰的心情几乎明显可见，但却引起了对战后问题的严重不安。
That was palpable.
这是显而易见的。
My own feeling of surprise at being there was palpable.
我对自己能出席这个场合感到意外，这是可想而知的。
A soft spleen can be palpated in about three fourths of the patients.
四分之三的患者可触及脾脏，其质地柔软。
The opposite hand should gently palpate the breast circumferentially with the fingertips.
用对侧手指尖依照乳腺象限顺序转轻按摩乳腺各个部位。
This abnormality can be appreciated by carefully palpating the pulse in such patients.
当小心地触诊这类病人的脉搏时，可以辨别出这种异常。
An estimate of intraocular pressure can be obtained by palpation of the globe through the lids.
眼压可以通过在眼睑上对眼睛触诊来估计。
The air of the sleeping-chamber seemed to palpitate with the hopeless passion of the girls.
寝室里面的空气，好象跟着那些女孩子们那种不会有任何结果的缠绵柔情，一致地搏动。
On his arrival he crept up to his dressing-room with somewhat of a palpitating heart.
他到家以后，悄悄走上楼，心头有点儿忐忑地进了更衣室。
Your heart palpitates when you are excited.
你激动时，你的心脏就急速地跳动。
She carried her heroism to the pitch of knitting socks for the forthcoming baby, although to do so made her heart palpitate uncomfortably.
她自告奋勇地为即将出生的婴儿编织袜子，虽然做这件事也使得她的心不安地突突狂跳。
There the boy remained, with a palpitating heart, for half an hour.
这孩子怀着一颗扑腾腾直跳的心在那里呆了半小时左右。
She knew it was that that had given her the palpitations.
她知道就是因为这才使她心脏怦怦跳的。
His body shook with a palsy of fright.
他全身发抖，真是吓瘫了。
Franklin wrote a pamphlet on the "New-Invented Pennsylvanian Fire Place".
富兰克林写了一本小册子，论述“新发明的宾夕法尼亚火炉”。
What is the specific heat of the metal in the pan?
这只锅的金属的比热容是多少？
The pans are in that sack.
弹药盘在那只包里。
Later, by the lakeshore, I panned the rock.
后来，在湖边，我把这块岩石淘洗了一下。
No drug or operation is a panacea for all pain.
无任何药物和手术可作为治疗疼痛的万应药。
Renewable energy is no panacea.
可再生能源并非灵丹妙药。
No single prospecting technique can be regarded as a panacea.
没有一种单一的普查方法是万能的。
Duodenum is joined to the liver and to the pancreas by ducts.
十二指肠通过导管与肝和胰相连。
Most cells of the pancreas produce digestive enzymes.
胰腺的大部分细胞产生酶。
The pancreas is an elongated, whitish gland.
胰脏是一个细长形的白色腺体。
The control of pancreatic secretion is performed mainly through 2 hormones.
胰腺的分泌作用主要为两种激素控制。
The pain associated with pancreatitis has been described as prostrating.
胰腺炎的疼痛曾被描述为衰竭性的。
Well, there's a pane of glass out.
那窗户掉了一块玻璃。
He reached for the mobile phone to his right below the instrument panel.
他伸手到右边仪表板下拿车上电话。
A set of color panels can be seen in the extreme upper portion of the photograph above the flood plain deposits.
在照片最上部的漫滩堆积上可以看到一组彩色标板。
The panel's initial findings have now been made public.
这个委员会的初步调查结果已经公布于众。
Mounting the panel model on a short strut has the advantage of decreasing the tare drag of the setup.
把翼段模型安装在一个短支柱上，其优点是减少了安装支架的阻力。
Between the columns were light, hollow panel walls of double brick.
柱间是两砖厚的轻质空心节间墙。
Meleager felt a sudden pang.
墨勒阿格突然觉得一阵疼痛。
He realised with a sharp pang that she belonged to him and he to her.
随着（心头的）一阵剧痛，他意识到了她是属于他的，而他又是属于她的。
She was beginning to know the pang of disappointed love.
她开始尝到了失恋的痛苦。
Her words shot a strange pang through Mary's heart.
她的话在玛丽心里引起了一阵特殊的心酸。
No life at all, the blankness of the grave was preferable to the pangs gnawing continually at her heart.
根本不用活下去了，坟墓的空虚比那不断啮咬着她心的阵阵悲痛要更好一些。
She had had a great doubt and terror lest Arthur should not know her, but that pang was spared to her, in part at least.
她本来毫无把握，提心吊胆，怕亚瑟认不出她，结果这种忧虑是多余的，至少并不那么严重。
He felt a pang of alarm, which sharpened when he found he could think of nothing to say.
他感到一阵惊讶，而由于找不出话来说，惊讶的感觉就更加强烈了。
She was not there, and the discovery gave him a pang out of all proportion to its seriousness.
他发觉她不在场时所感到的失望与事态的严重性远远不能相比。
Whenever she mentioned her mother, it gave a pang to the heart of poor Elinor.
每当她提到母亲，可怜的埃丽诺便觉得心脏猛然下沉。
He proposed that the present continents once comprised one large landmass which he named Pangaea.
他提出目前的大陆以前是连在一起的一个巨大陆块，他把这个陆块称为联合古陆。
The then current concept of heredity through pangenesis implied a blending process.
当时流行的泛生说的遗传概念意味着遗传是一个融合的过程。
He might have caught the inflection of her panic.
他很可能为她的恐惧所传染。
Now and then he thought of the future with panic.
他时不时恐慌地想到以后的事情。
The few soldiers there withdrew in panic.
驻守在那里的一小只部队仓惶后撤。
Each man was in a state of panic as to whether the others were doing more work than himself.
每个人都提心吊胆，生怕别人干得比自己多。
The small boy looked round in panic.
小男孩心慌意乱地四下张望着。
Once or twice, I recall, I experienced a moment of fear and it was fear bordering on panic.
我回想起有一两次我感受到片刻的恐惧，这是几乎到了惊慌失措的程度的恐惧。
Natalie is living on the brink of panic.
娜塔丽正生活在痛苦的边缘。
These huge gas-guzzlers were the first victims when the panic began.
灾难一来，这些巨大的“油老虎”首先遭殃。
Panic buying has been crucial to OPEC success.
恐慌的抢购是石油输出国组织胜利的主要因素。
She was often seized by a panic fear.
她常为一种莫明其妙的恐惧情绪所支配。
The important thing is not to panic!
最要紧的是不要慌！
They marched in darkness that was pitch and bumped into each other blindly, but they did not panic.
他们在漆黑的夜色中行进，盲目地你撞我我撞你，可是他们并不惊慌。
Meanwhile, oil buyers were beginning to panic.
与此同时，石油买主们开始感到恐慌。
The obsession with Soviet intentions causes the West to be smug during periods of detente and panicky during crisis.
由于对苏联的竭力纠缠不清，使得西方在缓和时期沾沾自喜，在危机时期又惊慌失措。
Much of my own time was spent with unhappy, nearly panicky, colleagues.
我得耗费大量时间对付心情抑郁，近乎惶惶不安的同事。
This was a self-help program that made the president less panicky about escaping in case of fire or enemy attack.
这是个自助的计划，要使总统在一旦发生火灾敌人进攻时，对于逃走不会那么手足无措。
Most seed orchard theory is based on the assumption that panmixis will occur and that selfing will not be a serious problem.
大多数关于种子园理论，是以假定能发生随机交配和自花受精而不会成为严重问题为依据的。
The panorama of color and action which fills the world is taken for granted.
大千世界中的五光十色千变万化的景象被人看作是理所当然的。
It provides a beautiful panorama of the Lincoln Memorial, the Potomac River, and Arlington National Cemetery.
林肯纪念堂，波托马克和阿林顿国家公墓美不胜收的全景尽收眼底。
"These paddles can pull me through the water real fast," Ben panted.
“这些桨确实能够帮我游得更快。”本气喘吁吁地说。
He was panting a little, but he was neither shaking nor trembling now.
他有些喘，但既不打战也不发抖了。
We stood and panted for a moment in the dark.
我们在黑暗中站着喘息了一会。
At the end of twenty minutes he dropped down panting, and about exhausted.
过二十分钟，他就吁吁带喘地倒在地下，几乎力尽筋疲。
You don't pant a bit.
你一点也没有喘不过气来！
This philosophy is pantheistic.
这派哲学是泛神论的。
A most amusing pantomime was acted before her.
一场饶有趣味的哑剧，正在她面前演出。
Bernard Shaw greatly enjoyed the dancing of pantomimist Vincent at the Alhambra Theater in London.
肖伯纳在伦敦阿尔汗布拉戏院观看舞蹈演员文森特表演，非常欣赏。
Some luxury hotels have small kitchens or pantries on each floor that are used either for warming food or for preparing breakfasts.
有些豪华酒店的每一层楼上都有可供热饭或准备早餐的小厨房或配餐室。
He looks all right, but his shirts and pants need cleaning.
他看上去一切正常，只是他的衬衫和裤子该洗了。
Don't wet your pants.
别得意忘形。
I think she wears the pants in the family.
我想她在家里说话算数。
Magazines ran cover stories about how Detroit got caught with its pants down.
有些杂志发表封面报导，描述底特律的汽车企业陷入困境。
Among the enzymes which are particularly effective are pepsin, papain.
在酶当中特别有效的是胃朊酶、木瓜酶。
Paper , like many other things that we used today, was first made in China.
纸张，也象我们今天使用的其它许多东西一样，是中国首先造成的。
She became editor of the school paper.
她当上了校刊编辑。
After all, Henry might see the picture in the paper.
亨利毕竟会从报纸上看到这一照片的。
I singed a paper when I took the money, not feeling concerned about it at all.
我收钱时签了一个字据，当时我根本没有把它当回事。
We are holding their paper.
我们持有他们的证券。
His paper was out in large quantities.
他的票据大量地流在外面。
At the edge of doom, beside the last grave of mankind, they will still be counting their paper.
这种人，临世界末日那天，他们还会在最后一个人的坟边点钞票。
The whole wealth so swiftly gathered in the paper values of pervious years vanished.
在以前的年月中很快积累得来的表现为票面价值的全部财富化为乌有。
We can turn paper profit into money in the bank.
我们能把帐面盈余变成在银行的现金。
Impressed by the lecture, Mr. Piling suggested that Bethune write a medical paper on modern surgical instruments.
这一讲话给皮林先生的印象很深，于是他建议白求恩写一篇关于现代外科器械的医学论文。
Week in and week out, we had to write that damn paper.
几个星期我们都要写那该死的文章。
Many papers describing special features of roll deposits have been written in the last five or six years.
在最近5-6年间发表了很多有关卷型矿床特点的文献。
Many other papers discussed the place of fertilizers in grassland farming.
许多其它的报告，曾讨论过施肥在牧草栽培制中的地位。
Another paper was on church reform.
另一份奏章是关于教会改革的。
"Sit down in that chair, my good girl," said the Duke, "until I glance over the paper."
“在那张椅子上坐下，好姑娘，”公爵说，“让我把这些材料看一下。”
It contains some papers that I do not wish to carry into the country with me.
这里面有些文件，我不愿随身带到乡下去。
Captain Loft gathered his papers.
洛夫特上尉收起了他的公文。
She has not been proved guilty, as will appear from looking at these papers.
一直没有人能证明她有罪，您只消看看这些文书就可知道了。
I'm to pick up the ship's papers at once from the harbor master.
我马上要到港务长那儿去拿这船的证件。
The wall was papered.
这墙是用糊墙纸裱糊的。
He doesn't know whether it's papered.
有没有出过债据他不知道。
Not only will I tell him off, but I'm going to give him his walking papers.
我不仅要斥责他，而且我还要解雇他。
Everything was Green Paper and he wasn't having to pull out so soon.
事情还只不过是个初步设想，他用不着这样急于脱身。
In 1969, a temporary compromise emerged that in effect papered over the dispute.
1969年，出现了暂时的妥协，实际上把这个争端掩盖了起来。
The book might come out in paperback soon.
这本书不久可能以平装本出版。
Further multiplication of the virus produced papules on the skin.
病毒的进一步增殖使皮肤发生丘疹。
Although papyrus was widely used over a long period of time, other materials were also used for writing in ancient Egypt.
在古埃及，虽然纸莎草纸曾在一个长时期中被广泛使用，但是也有其它的书写材料。
The Egyptians wrote on papyrus.
埃及人书写用薄草纸。
The academic performance of comprehensive schools was below par.
综合学校的学业成绩比一般水平还要差。
If the share is at its face value it is said to be at par.
如果股票的市价与面值相等则称为持平。
Everybody was on a par because everybody was on a grant.
人人平等因为人人都享受助学金。
Hindu and Arab venturesomeness brought arithmetic and algebra to the fore once again and placed it almost on a par with geometry.
印度人和阿拉伯人的闯劲把算术和代数又一次提高到几乎和几何并驾齐驱的地位。
We would treat Egypt's claims on a par with Israel's.
我们将把埃及的要求和以色列的要求同样看待。
Your ideas haven't been up to par lately.
最近你的一些设想实在都不正常。
Using the equation of parabola, we obtain for the sheer stresses at any point in the plate.
应用抛物线方程，即可得到板内任意点的剪应力。
Like the American craft, Vostok was equipped with braking rockets and parachutes for the return to earth.
象美国太空船一样，东方号上有制动火箭和回到地球时用的降落伞。
American spacecrafts have passed close to Venus and Russian ones have parachuted instruments to its surface.
美国的宇宙飞船曾经很近地经过金星，苏联的宇宙飞船已把仪器降落到它的表面上。
In December 1943 I had the good fortune when parachuting to incur a minor injure which afforded me a rest from military service.
1943年12月，我因跳降落伞而负了轻伤，使我很幸运地有一段离任休息的机会。
The people in their hometown welcomed them back with parades and speeches.
家乡的人民用游行、演讲欢迎他们回来。
The company was parading at 7:30 with their bit-bags piled before the huts.
全连于七点半列队集合，帆布军用背包都摆在营房门前。
This crew paraded the town, howling and dancing.
队伍巡游全城，嚷着跳着。
There was nothing to parade over in those days.
在那些岁月里，我们没有什么东西值得向人夸耀。
You have a good many little gifts and virtues, but there is no need of parading them.
你有不少天赋和优点，可用不着去炫耀。
Lydgate paraded flighty, foreign notions which would not wear.
利德盖特是在卖弄自己那些轻率的、经不起时间考验的外国观念。
It had been paraded through the newspapers.
报上披露了这件事。
It was her favorite amusement to array herself in the faded brocades, and parade up and down before the long mirror.
她最喜欢穿起那些褪色的绸衫，在长镜子前晃来晃去了。
A modest man will not make a parade of his wealth.
谦虚的人不会炫耀自己的财富。
She had made up her mind that it was wrong to made a parade of her trouble.
她已认定不该把自己的烦恼统统暴露出来。
The paradigm is in its narrowest sense a set of rules.
范例，就其最狭隘的意义来说，就是一组规则。
The second, the international dependence paradigms, is more radical and political.
第二种称之为国际依赖模型，它是一种较为激进、偏重政治的理论。
He was in paradise; disgrace, shame, parting---there was no fear of them any longer.
他是置身于天堂了；耻辱，羞愧，分离---都不再有任何可怕。
Japan could be fairly described as a businessman's economic and political paradise.
把日本说成是实业家的经济和政治的乐园是颇为恰当的。
They will be wanting a change of air in paradise.
他们简直想到伊甸乐园去换换环境。
I also became a poet and for one year lived in a paradise of my own creation.
我自己也成了诗人，有整整一年，我生活在自己开拓的天国乐园之中。
Words can't describe that paradise.
这个人世乐园是无法用语言形容的。
The paradox is best illustrated by this traditional example.
这个传统的例子最能说明这种“似非而是”的理论。
This paradox may be resolved by determining the extent of interaction between calcium and magnesium.
这种自相矛盾的问题只有证实钙与镁之间的相互作用程度才能得到解决。
He was a paradox.
他是个自相矛盾的人。
The gorilla is something of a paradox in the African scene.
在非洲生活中，大猩猩是矛盾的体现。
He could not bear this continual paradox in which he and the other officers lived.
他们这些当官的天天都在无法自圆其说的处境中过日子，他实在受不了。
Job discrimination, as described here, presents a paradox.
这里描述的职业歧视提出了一个迷。
The clock paradox has occasioned lively controversy for over 50 years.
时钟疑题曾经历了50年的激烈争论。
There has been no satisfactory resolution of the paradox.
这个怪现象并没有得到令人满意的解决。
Was it a harmless paradox, intended to puzzle her?
这是不是一种并无恶意的反话，只是为了跟她故弄玄虚呢？
A notion in economics known as the paradox of value is closely tied to consumers' surplus.
在经济学中，价值的反论这一概念是与消费者盈余密切有关的。
Contradictions and paradoxes arose in increasing numbers.
矛盾和悖论越来越多。
Here we have an apparent paradox.
这里显然存在着一条佯谬。
The apparent paradox was that only as America became more American could it afford to be more European.
有趣的是，只有美国更加美国化的时候，美国才能更加欧化。
Sartre's particular interest is in what he sees as the paradoxical relations between one human existence and another.
萨特的特殊兴趣在于他所视之为一个人的存在与另一个人的存在之间的背谬关系。
Our assertion that the interstellar gas is definitely no vacuum would seem all the more paradoxical!
我们坚持星际气体决非真空的主张看来愈发荒谬可笑了!
Paradoxical as it may seem, the value of a star's luminosity does not depend on the nuclear reactions taking place in the interior.
看来十分奇怪的是，恒星的光度竟然与发生在内部的核反应无关。
When the superior money has disappeared, the situation becomes very paradoxical.
当较优越的货币消失时，情况便变得有点似是而非了。
The result of such punishments is often paradoxical.
这样惩罚的结果往往适得其反。
One should not think slightingly of the paradoxical.
人们不应该轻视自相矛盾的东西。
To speak paradoxically, the existence of insignificant people has very important consequences in the world.
说来似乎近于怪论，天地间那些无足轻重之人往往产生万分重大的影响。
Paraffins have high diesel indices.
链烷烃的柴油指数最高。
One such car, for example, can travel 800 kilometres on forty-five litres of water, and burns paraffin at the rate of nine kilometres to the litre.
例如，一部这种车行驶800公里只用45升水，每9公里只用1升煤油。
My young lady was no philosopher, and no paragon of patience.
我的小姐不是一个哲人，不是一个忍耐的模范。
He considered Laetitia Dale a paragon of cleverness.
他认为利蒂霞•戴尔是一个聪明的尽善尽美的楷模。
I am sure she is a paragon of rectitude.
我可以肯定她是个正直的完人。
Miss Costigan was a paragon of virtue and delicacy!
科斯蒂根小姐是一位高尚完美的天生尤物!
I don't find him to be absolute a paragon.
我并没有觉得他是一个十分出色的人。
It may be that, so placed, you---being the noble-minded paragon that you are---would behave unselfishly.
也许，你是品德高尚的杰出人物，即使得到了那种位置，你会表现得毫不自私。
At least she is a paragon with her feet on the ground.
她至少是一个脚踏实地的特殊人物。
She was spoken of as a paragon of virtue.
人们都说她品德完美无瑕。
I don't think him a paragon of husband.
我并不认为他是一个十全十美的丈夫。
How this is done will be explained in the following paragraphs.
至于如何进行，将在以下各节来说明。
This paragraph was of some importance to the prospects and conduct of Edward.
这一段话对于爱得华的前景和行动是很为重要的。
The project once under discussion, not a single paragraph suggested a doubt of its realization.
经过讨论以后，没有一份报纸的短评怀疑这项计划的实现。
The image exhibits three-dimensional characteristics, ie, the parallax effect.
物象显现三维特征，也即具有视差效应。
Parallel lines indicates a break in continuity.
平行线表示连续的中断。
In plain language, China and the United States agreed on the need for parallel policies toward the world balance of power.
讲得明白些，就是中国和美国同意有必要执行并行不悖的政策维持世界的均衡。
We may begin with an analysis exactly parallel to that of our utility theory.
我们或许可从与我们的效用理论完全相似的分析开始。
The rapid development of numerical taxonomy over the past fifteen years has contributed to the development of parallel methods in plant ecology.
数值分类学的迅速发展，虽是近十五年的事，但它对植物生态学中相应方法的发展作出了贡献。
For the better convenience of beholding him, I lay on my side, so that my face was parallel to his, and he stood but three yards off.
为了更方便地看他，我侧身躺着，脸对着他的脸，他站在离开我只有三码远的地方。
Because of the increase in size, there are more myofibrils parallel to each other and more mitochondria to supply energy.
由于体积增大，就有较多的互相并联的肌原纤维，又有较多的线粒体来供应能量。
The shift register is a device in which information may enter sequentially or in parallel.
移位寄存器是一种能以串行和并行方式输入信息的装置。
As the result of new research unfold, parallels between birdsong and our own speech behavior become more and more intriguing.
随着新的研究成果的不断出现，鸟的歌声和我们人类语言行为之间的类似性越来越引起人们的兴趣。
There are many parallels between Cherenkov radiation and hydrodynamic shocks.
切仑可夫辐射和流体力学冲击之间有许多共同点。
It was some parallels to our own day.
它同我们今天的现实颇有雷同之处。
He insisted in an extremely agitated fashion on the absurdity of the parallel.
他还是十分激动地坚决指出这种类比是荒谬的。
Let us look at parallels between arithmetic using binary numbers and arithmetic using decimal numbers.
我们采用与十进制运算对比的办法来介绍二进制数的运算方法。
The accuracy of the parallel increased.
这种比拟变得愈来愈确切了。
Lines of equal latitude are called parallels.
相等纬度的连线叫纬圈。
Now follow the parallel till you get to Kazeh.
你沿着这条纬线一直走到卡结赫。
Since all three elements are in parallel , they must all have the same voltage across them .
由于三个元件都是并联，它们的端电压必然相同。
Western experience has no parallel.
西方的经验无法借鉴。
The duration of the end-plate current parallels the lifetime for channel closing.
终极电流的持续时间与通道关闭的持续时间相平行。
This approach parallels procedures in other sectors of the economy.
这个方法与经济的其它部门的程序同时并行。
These results parallel Archimedes' geometric theorems.
这些结果可与阿基米德斯的几何定理相比。
The point is that while we have selected Carlson , he is by no means unique , and many well-managed firms parallel his example .
问题是我们已经选择了卡尔森，他决不是唯一的，许多管理出色的公司与他的例子不相上下。
Our treatment of horizontal flow parallels the treatment we followed for vertical flow.
我们对水平流动问题的处理方式，与对垂直流动遵循的方式是同样的。
The Dikes surrounding dike Mountain parallel a radial stress pattern that existed at the time the dikes were intruded.
岩脉山周围的岩脉与岩脉侵入时就已存在的放射状应力图象是相应的。
Observations do not indicate that cloud nucleus concentrations parallel those of sulphur dioxide.
观测没有表明云核浓度与二氧化硫浓度相关。
These deposits parallel to the main direction of sedimentation.
这些矿体与沉积的主要方向一致。
The formation of the satellite systems of the giant planets parallels in many respects the formation of the planets .
大行星的卫星系统的形成在许多方面相似于行星的形成。
Are differences in the developmental capacities of the egg and embryo paralleled by the distribution of metabolites?
卵和胚发育能力的不同是否被代谢分布所平衡?
Host resistance and fungal virulence parallel each other in the cross.
寄生的抗病性的病原菌的毒力在杂交中是势均力敌的。
The trees stand in parallel with the road.
这些树与公路平行。
The author, in parallel with Krcmar, is experimenting with giant ionization chambers.
本文作者与克尔马克尔正在同时试验巨型电离室。
The road runs parallel to the railway.
公路同铁路平行。
In some regions the types of mental and physical destitution were without parallel.
在有些地区里，精神上和物质上的贫乏的情况是无法比拟的。
This type of counter is called a parallel-carry synchronous counter.
这种计数器称为并行进位同步计数器。
If two edges of a graph are incident to the same pair of vertices, then these two edges are called parallel edges.
如果一个图的两条边关联于同一对顶点，则这两条边称为平行边。
Two sample parallelepipeds are located in the test section.
在试验段中装有两个平行六面体试件。
There is a certain parallelism here between France and America.
这种情况，法国和美国是有点相似。
The fuller development of the parallelism was to lead to analytic geometry.
这种平行性的进一步发扬便导致了解析几何的产生。
A related phenomenon is evolutionary parallelism.
另一个有关的现象是进化上的并行现象。
We can show that u(x, t) can be determined at every point inside the parallelogram OACB.
我们可以证明，u(x, t)可以在平行四边形OACB内部的每一点上被定出。
The conviction that there was some way out surged back into him, strong and powerful, and, in his present state, condemning and paralyzing.
他的信念又恢复了，总觉得会有某种出路---他的信念是强有力的，但在目前情况下，也带有谴责性和麻痹性。
If unsolved, the problem will sooner or later paralyze our strategy and our foreign policy.
这个问题如果不解决，它迟早会使我们的战略和我们的对外政策陷于瘫痪。
Depressed economic conditions only momentarily paralyzed Rooservelt's reform impulses.
萧条的经济情况只是暂时遏制住罗斯福兴利除弊的劲头。
The sea fog paralyzed my voice.
海雾使我失去了声音。
The audacity of the chief's proposal nearly paralysed them.
头目的大胆建议几乎把他们吓呆了。
On the paralyzed side the ear is pendulous, the eye partly closed, and the nostril immobilized.
在麻痹的一侧，耳下垂，眼半闭，鼻孔不动。
Tom realised his son was paralyzed on the left side.
汤姆意识到他儿子左半边身子已经瘫痪了。
The only time I got tight I was paralysed all the next day.
要是我一喝酒，第二天就完全瘫了。
Byron, I'm paralyzed.
拜伦，我垮了。
By the summer of 1837 business was paralyzed.
到1837年夏天，商业已陷于瘫痪。
His limbs were paralysed from the hips.
他的腿从屁股以下全麻木了。
Again we were paralyzed in 1968 when the Prague uprising was crushed.
1968年，当布拉格起义被粉碎的时候，我们又一次麻木不仁。
The water rat, paralysed and string, saw at last a distant speck on the white surface of the road.
水老鼠神思恍惚，木然远望，终于看见一个小斑点出现在远方洁白的路面上。
Only an open-ended and continuously self-critical approach could avoid paralysis in the theory.
只有一种无限制的、持续的自我批判方法才能避免理论中的瘫痪现象。
A typical result of an upper motor neuron lesion is paralysis of voluntary movement.
典型的上位运动神经之损伤就会导致随意运动麻痹。
But on Ashurst there had now come a feeling of paralysis.
但这时艾舍斯特却不知道怎么办才好。
At room temperature all the metals are paramagnetic.
在室温时，所有的金属都是顺磁性的。
The gas accumulation is controlled entirely by stratigraphic parameters.
气的聚集完全受地层参数的控制。
One parameter which always comes into play is the national economy.
国民经济是一个经常起作用的参量。
On such a large time scale the radiation parameterization will become more and more significant.
在这种较大的时间尺度上，辐射的参数化将变得越来越重要。
The provision of book and other materials for purposes of research had always been considered of paramount importance.
为了研究的目的，图书和其它资料的提供一直被认为是最重要的。
In less developed countries the paramount problem is providing sufficient employment for the rapidly expanding urban populations.
不发达国家的首要问题是为迅速发展的城市人口提供足够的就业机会。
The paramount task here facing observational astronomy is to study real interstellar clouds.
实测天文学在这里所面临的头等任务是研究实际的星际云。
The safety of the boat and crew becomes paramount.
保住潜艇和全艇人员的安全是当务之急。
For the catalyst producer, catalyst manufacturing cost and material limitations are paramount.
对于催化剂制造厂来说，催化剂生产成本和原料规格限定是最重要的。
God is not subjected to paramount immutable laws of the cosmos.
上帝并不受制于至上的，永恒的宇宙法则。
These constitutions are paramount.
这些宪法至高无上。
It is my misfortune and habit to think of myself paramount to anybody else.
我的不幸和习惯就是认为自己总比任何人都高出一头。
The wall in association with the cytoplasmic membrane also delimits the paramural region.
与细胞质模联在一起的细胞壁也划出了壁旁区。
There is no protection against parapertussis.
对付百日咳现尚无预防方法。
The longitudinal girder forms part of the parapets.
纵梁成为栏杆的一部分。
Some parapets fell, and unanchored roof diaphragms punched out wall sections, but collapse was uncommon.
一些女儿墙掉地，未锚住的屋面横隔板冲出墙外，但倒塌却不常见。
The whole paraphernalia of contemporary neoclassical economics seems to have become suddenly obsolete.
当代新古典经济学的全部工具似乎突然变得过时了。
You may read the prose paraphrase of this poem.
你可以看一下这首诗的散文释义。
The following is a paraphrase of a cable I have today sent to General Eisenhower.
以下是我今天发给艾森豪威将军一封电报的大意。
If, this, indeed, is the pattern of history, we are tempted to paraphrase Shaw's deadly serious quip and say.
如果这确实是历史发展的一种模式，那么我们禁不住要对肖伯纳的警言妙语进行诠释。
In the following paragraphs I have paraphrased, in part, the comments of Lofu.
我在下文中有一部分转述了洛甫的话。
We're mere parasites, crawling over the surface.
我们只是在地面上爬行的寄生物。
It causes the population to look upon those in authority as a pack of parasites whose exclusive concern is with the gratification of their private needs and wanes.
这使得广大人民认为，当权者是一群只想满足个人私欲的寄生虫。
The nature of the nutritional requirements for obligate parasites in nature is unknown.
人们还不知道自然界中专性寄生菌的营养要求的本质。
Unlike the dropouts, they are not parasites.
他们跟愤世嫉俗的人不同，他们不是寄生者。
She was essentially feminine, in other words, a parasite and a chalice.
她在本质上是个女人，换句话说，是一个食客和一只酒杯。
She was everything that is good in a parasite, nothing that is bad.
她具备幕僚的一切优点，却没有他们的任何缺点。
Parasitic plants live in part or entirely within the tissues of other plants.
寄生植物部分或全部生长在其它植物的组织中。
By definition, this way of life is parasitic.
从其含义来说，这是种寄生虫的生活方式。
Parasitic and nonparasitic cysts rarely occur in the spleen.
寄生虫性和非寄生虫性囊肿在脾脏很少发生。
The larvae of flies parasitize earthworms.
蝇的幼虫寄生在蚯蚓上。
Parasols are used as a protection against the sun.
阳伞是用来遮挡阳光的。
Paul lost both legs, above the knees, during Army service as a paratrooper.
保罗在参加陆军当伞兵时，齐膝盖之上失去了双腿。
Those rays which are near the axis are sometimes called paraxial rays.
靠近轴的那些光线有时叫作近轴光线。
Do you take parcels here?
你们这里收包裹吗?
I fell in with a parcel of folks of a worse kind than any I ever sorted with.
我遇见了一班从来没有见过的流氓。
When two parcels of air with different initial temperatures are mixed, the result is a mixture with a higher relative humidity.
当初始温度不同的二个气块混合时，结果是形成一个具有较高相对湿度的混合物。
The lack of rain had parched the land.
缺少雨水使土地干透了。
Let's parch corn! 
咱们爆玉米花吧.
Stir up the fire!
把炉火通旺!
His mouth twitched, and his parched tongue seemed unable to articulate.
他的嘴巴扭动着，干燥的舌头似乎讲不出话来了。
The Rat's light footfall was presently heard approaching over the parched grass.
突然干枯的草地上传来了老鼠轻快的脚步声。
Water from deep well is directed to thirsty cattle and parched crops.
深井里的水输送给干渴的家畜和焦干的庄稼。
The grandmother raised her head like a parched old turkey then crying for water.
祖母抬起头，象一只非常口渴的老雌火鸡叫着要水喝。
Linen and cotton paper, which the European learned about from the Chinese through the Arabians, replaced parchment and papyrus from the twelfth century on.
从12世纪以来，欧洲通过阿拉伯人，从中国学制造麻纸和绵纸以代替羊皮纸和草片纸。
The minister withdrew the parchment from the bag.
牧师从口袋里抽出那张羊皮纸宣言。
He had nothing to make satisfaction with, but should beg my pardon on his knees.
他没有什么可以赔偿，只能来跪着求我原谅。
He could not lower himself by asking her pardon.
他不能自贬身份，请求她宽恕。
Since the lion has spared you, I will for this time ratify your pardon.
既然狮子饶了你，我这次也赦免你。
There the warden handed Jimmy his pardon.
在那里院长把赦免令递给吉米。
I beg you will pardon me for coming in without any invitation.
我没有受到邀请就进来了，请你原谅。
God will have pardoned him.
上帝会宽恕他的。
Frenchmen pardon our faults in their language much more readily than we excuse their bad English.
法国人对我们讲法语的缺点，比我们对他们的蹩脚英语，要宽大得多。
Palm alone has been pardoned, and returns with his old rank to the army.
只有帕尔默一个人获得释放，官复原职。
The governor has the power to pardon or reduce the sentences of persons convicted of state crimes.
州长有权赦免或从轻判决犯了州法的犯人。
Why wouldn't it be a fine idea if you asked the governor to pardon him?
如果你能请求洲长给他特赦，岂不是一件好事?
My host pardoned many of his foibles.
我的主人对他的许多小缺点可以不闻不问。
You will be pleased to hear that the governor has given you a pardon.
你听了一定很高兴，州长已经赦免了你。
“I beg your pardon, sir, ” said Oliver.
“对不起，先生”，奥立弗说。
I beg your pardon, sir.
您别见怪，先生。
He pared an apple.
他削了一个苹果。
She was paring her nails with nailscissors.
她正在用指甲刀修指甲。
I moved immediately after the election to pare down radically the size of the executive branch.
大选后，我立即采取行动，大肆削减行政部门的人员。
She always pleaded poverty and pared down prices.
她老是哭穷，买东西总要讨价还价。
I took out my knife, opened it, wiped off the blade and pared off the dirty outside surface of the cheese.
我拿出小刀，打开来，揩揩刀口，刮掉干酪肮脏的表皮。
Lung abscess is a suppurative infection of the lung resulting in destruction of lung parenchyma.
肺脓肿是肺部的一种化脓性感染，导致肺实质的破坏。
Parenchyma cells are widely distributed throughout plants.
薄壁组织细胞广泛地分布于整个植株。
To have good children one must be a good parent.
要有好孩子自己必须是好父亲(母亲)。
Parents were obliged to supply their children with food and clothing.
父母有义务供给子女吃穿。
From this day you must be a stranger to one of your parents.
从今天开始，你将与双亲之一成为陌生人。
It was the first week end on which parents were allowed to take pupils out.
这是家长们可以把学生领出的第一个周末。
By my theory these allied species are descended from a common parent.
根据我的学说，这些近缘的物种是由同一的祖先而来的。
Volta succeeded in producing a simple form of cell which is the parent of modern batteries.
沃尔塔成功地制造了简单的电池，这种电池就是现代电池的起源。
The chemical reactivity of APO would prevent the parent compound from reaching the discharge water of a treatment plant.
三嗪基膦氧化物的化学反应能力会阻碍废水中原有的化合物到达处理站的排水中。
Even in an insulator the electrons can move about without leaving their parent atoms or molecules.
甚至在绝缘体内，电子也能不离开它所属的原子或分子而运动。
From the lobby of the parent building they took a lift down to the banks garage.
他们从主楼门厅乘电梯下到银行车库。
Dormitory parents and cafeteria workers receive paychecks from the school.
宿舍的舍长和自助食堂的工人从学校领到了工资。
What is the parent nucleus?
母核是什么?
The actual compound is considered to be a derivative or the parent compound.
把实际化合物看作母体化合物的衍生物。
The progeny resembled one or the other of the parents .
后代象亲本的一方或另一方。
It hardly was credible that such a heavenly light could be the parent of such a diabolical sound.
这样一直落自天穹的闪光竟会引起如此惊天动地的声响，简直有些令人难以置信。
Georg Cantor was born in Russia of Danish-Jewish parentage.
Georg Cantor 出生于俄国的一个丹麦犹太血统的家庭。
To try to understand the physical nature of an astronomical phenomenon, one must try to understand its parentage.
在试图了解一个天文现象的物理本质时，人们必然要力图弄清楚它的渊源。
In these cases, the parental cells differ at least with respect to genotype if not phenotype as well.
这些情况下，亲本细胞即使不在表现型上至少也在基因型上有区别。
Do not read the parenthesis.
不要读插入语。
I should like to mention this by way of parenthesis.
我想附带地提一提这个问题。
Why, Mrs. Piper has a good deal to say, chiefly in parentheses and without punctuation, but not much to tell.
当然罗，派珀尔太太有许多话要说，可是，主要是些东拉西扯，杂乱无章的话，而没有什么内容。
This is usually followed by a posterior paresis.
随后通常是后肢麻痹。
There may be severe paresthesia.
可能有严重的感觉异常。
The parietal cells concentrate hydrogen ions more than one million times.
壁细胞浓缩氢离子100万倍以上。
As long as the Claverings are away you are the first one in the parish, or as good as any.
克拉弗林家不在这儿的时候，你可算全教区的头号绅士了，或者至少不比任何人差。
All this of course is outside the parish of the High North African Command.
所有这些当然都不属于北非最高司令部的职权范围以内。
They were usually as poor as his parishioners.
他们通常同其教区居民一样贫穷。
Silver can be raised by law to a parity with gold in value.
银可由法律提高到和金同等的价值。
When things get better, we'd try to get them back to parity with Ford and GM workers.
等到情况好转了，我们会设法使他们的待遇恢复到与福特公司和通用公司的工人一样。
The rest of the analysis is concerned with finding the parity as well as the spin.
余下的分析不仅涉及到求自旋，而且还要求出宇称。
The parity of atomic states is important in spectroscopy.
原子状态的宇称性质在光谱中是重要的。
This classification is called the parity of the permutation analogous to the definition of parity of integers.
这种分类叫作置换的奇偶性，类似于整数偶性的定义。
Henry Ford and I had gone to one of those meetings over in Highland Park.
我和亨利•福特两人参加过在海兰德公园举行的一次会议。
After that they conducted themselves according to the rules of behavior associated with amusement parks.
从此他们的言谈行事就象在娱乐场所一样了。
He met Liza in his park.
他在园林里遇到了莉莎。
Sir John would not leave the house without securing their promise of dining at the park the next day.
如果他们不答应第二天一定到庄园去吃饭的话，约翰爵士是不肯离开她们家的。
He had to make a lake in the gentleman's park.
他必须在绅士的猎苑里挖一个湖。
When I finally got there, I didn't even know where to park.
当我最后抵达目的地。我连在哪里停车也不知道。
I parked her at Janices house.
我把她安置在杰妮丝家里了。
He's using only his parking lights.
他只开着停车灯。
After a few fruitless parleys his father and Steger finally said good night, leaving him to his own private reflections.
经过几次无结果的商谈，他的父亲和斯达格最后就与他告别，让他一个人自己在沉思。
The next two days were spent in fruitless parleys.
其后两日是消磨于毫无结果的谈判中。
Then be began to parley with me.
然后他开始跟我谈判。
"I have not the inclination to parley, " said Mr. Brownlow.
“我无意讨价还价，”布朗先生说。
In local authorities, public libraries are established in accordance with acts of parliament.
在地方政府中，公共图书馆是根据议会法案而建议的。
The figures were immediately made known to parliament by the Minister of Health.
这个情况立刻由卫生部长告诉了议院。
I dare say he will be in parliament soon.
我相信他很快就会进国会。
The United States does not have a parliamentary political system in which voters cast their ballots for parties.
美国没有一种选民为他们的政党投票的议会政治制度。
He is very interested in parochial affairs.
他对教区的事务非常感兴趣。
He could bring out the universal element in the most parochial of issues.
他能在最狭隘的问题中揭示出普遍的要素。
When the animals were roused, there was a paroxysmal cough with the back arched.
动物们惊起时，则有发作性咳嗽和拱背。
I wish you would quit leading this parrot here.
我真希望您别在这里引这只鹦鹉学舌了。
You're no better than a parrot when you act the priest, Father de Bricassart!
德•布里卡撒特神父，当你成为教士以后你并不比应声虫更高明一些!
It seemed, the old woman's weapons had been blunted in parrying the daytime intruders.
这位老太太的武器似乎已经在抵挡白昼入侵者的战斗中挫钝了。
A parse of a sentential form is the construction of a derivation and possibly a syntax tree for it.
句型的分析是某个推导(或许是其语法树)的构造过程。
This chapter shifts from the parts to the whole.
本章将从局部转移到整体。
Law is considered a part of this superstructure.
法律被认为是上层建筑的一部分。
The disarmament agency accordingly came into being as a semidetached part of State.
于是，这个裁军机构就作为一个部分隶属于国务院的部门成立了。
Celia is a part of that greedy, ruthless, moneycoining, high-pressure drug business.
西莉亚也是那贪婪、无情、发横财、施加高压的药品工业的一分子。
I'm part of the Administration.
我是政府的一个成员。
The lady's husband, we heard, was away in foreign parts.
我们听说这位夫人的丈夫远在异国。
The greater part of physics makes predictions of such a form.
物理学的绝大多数领域，都作出这种形式的预测。
Are the stars in different parts of the diagram perhaps in various stages of development?
在图中不同位置的恒星是否处于发展中的不同阶段?
Is he known in these parts?
咱们这方近左右的人，认识他不认识他呢?
Marianne, who had never much toleration for anything like impertinence, vulgarity, inferiority of parts, or even difference of taste from herself.
玛丽安对于无礼、粗俗、才能低下，甚至与自己的爱好不相同这类事情都是不能容忍的。
All who know that shire are very well acquainted with the part and merits of Sir Roger .
凡是熟悉那一带地方的人都十分了解罗杰先生的才干和建树。
John Dolton was certainly a man of parts!
约翰•道尔顿真不愧是一位才华出众的人物!
During a part of each oscillation, a region whose pressure is above the equilibrium pressure is formed.
在某一振动的某一阶段，形成了压力大于平衡压力的区域。
This is the most hard part.
这是最难挨的时刻。
A machine consists of a lot of parts.
机器是由许多零件组成的。
A lathe consists of five important parts.
车床由五个重要部件组成。
It is not part of scientific management to drive anyone.
科学管理中并不包含驱使人们工作的成分。
Use in our domestic animals has strengthened and enlarged certain parts.
家养动物有些构造因常用而加强和增大了。
He regarded the suggestion that he should act such an undignified part as a kind of sacrilege.
他认为要他扮演这个丢脸的角色实在是对他莫大的侮辱。
During most of the journey Celia reconstructed the day's events, especially her own part in them.
归途中，大部分时间西莉亚都在回忆白天发生的事情，特别是自己的所作所为。
Edgar Snow began now what might be considered the third part of his life.
于是，埃德加•斯诺开始了或许他一生中的第三个篇章。
Any cone is a third part of the cylinder which has the same base with it and equal height.
任一(正)圆锥是与其同底等高圆柱的三分之一。
I consider my father and mother the best part of myself.
我认为，我的父母对我说来是最重要的。
I lost part of my temper.
我有点不耐烦了。
Graf took the better part of the year to climb to No.1 in women's tennis.
格拉芙身手不凡，登上了本年度女子网球赛冠军的宝座。
Everything that a painter did or that a writer wrote was a part of his training and preparation for what he was to do.
画家也好，作家也好，他们的作品都是训练和准备之后的结果。
I lay down with the greater part of my clothes on and slept well for a few hours.
我上了床，身上衣服大都没脱，睡了几个钟头的好觉。
His wife and children were very happy, for they thought that now they would not be parted again.
他的妻子儿女非常高兴，因为他们认为他们现在再不会分离了。
He had very red lips, and they parted at the corners with difficulty.
他那两片红红的嘴唇好不容易才在嘴角分开。
If they believed him attached to me, they would not try to part us.
要是她们相信他爱上了我，她们决不会想要拆散我们。
We can part tonight, if you see occasion.
要是你愿意，咱们今天晚上就可以分手。
Now I am going to part from her.
现在我和她就要分道扬镳了。
She and her patient parted the best friends in the world.
她同她的病人象天下最要好的朋友那样告别了。
She parted from her young friend in the kindliest tones.
她用最和蔼可亲的语调和她的年轻的朋友道了别。
She parted her lips and smiled.
她双唇一绽，笑了。
Her dusky mouth was parted slightly to show tiny white teeth.
她那暗色的嘴微微启开，露出洁白的小牙齿。
Parting the curtains he looked out into the early dusk.
他撩开窗帘，向初降的幕色中望去。 
The curtain has parted.
帷幕已经拉开。
The clouds seemed parting.
看来云彩正在消散。
At last, as the clouds parted, the moon burst forth in the purple opening of heaven.
最好，云散开了，一轮明月倏地从紫色的天空隙缝中显现。
The cable parted, and the minisub started to gather speed toward the bottom of the sea.
缆绳断了，这艘微型潜艇迅速地沉向海底。
I will give you a pound in part payment.
我会给你一镑作为先付部分。
Thoreau's father was part French.
索洛的父亲是法国混血儿。
He acted every part of an orator.
他表现十足了的演说家的气派。
Every student ought to do his part to make steady progress.
每个学生都应尽本分以求平衡的进步。
Government will do, is doing and will continue to do its part.
政府将一如既往地尽自己的责任。
For my part, I take his objection for granted.
就我而言，我认为他的反对是理所当然的。
For my part, my curiosity and interest were at least equal to the child's.
至于我自己呢，我的好奇心和兴趣至少和这孩子的相等。
Motley, for his part, makes his villains excessively villainous and his heros wearisomely heroic.
讲到莫特利，他把他的坏人讲得过于无赖，把他的英雄写得过于英勇，看了使人厌倦。
The preceding chapter, for the most part, dealt with paraxial theory as applied to thin spherical lens systems.
前一章讨论的基本上是应用于薄球面透镜系统的傍轴理论。
Of course, somewhat similar arrangements were used in the West and supported by the outside spiritual organizations, for the most part.
当然，在西方也使用了一些多少有些类似的安排，并且在大多数情况下都得到了外部精神组织的支持。
Their pleasures were gross and sensual, in which the mind had no part.
他们的快乐是粗卑和淫荡的，他们对此无所谓。
He seemed to take it in very good part.
看来他很乐意接受。
Future computer development depends in large part upon software.
未来的电子计算机的发展，在很大程度上决定于软件。
The brilliance of diamond is due in part to its large dispersion.
金刚石的光辉异彩，部分是由于它有强烈的色散。
The remark charmingly sums up the behaviour of an age of nature-lovers, and it might apply in part to Thoreau.
这句话形象地总结了一代自然爱好者的所为，也大致适用于梭罗。
In part this was a device to rally support for his Congressional campaign.
在一定程度上，这也是他国会选举中争取支持的一种手段。
Any statesman is in part the prisoner of necessity.
任何政治家都或多或少地是一些当务之急事情的俘虏。
Mr. Linton, on his part, spent his time in the library.
至于林敦先生，他把自己的时间都消磨在书房里。
It would be a sin on your part to abandon science.
抛弃科学对你来说将会铸成大错。
Both require quite an expensive metabolic commitment on the part of the insect.
对于昆虫，在这两方面都需要有很昂贵的代谢的义务。
Laws, to be observed, need good habits on the part of the people.
遵守法律就是要求人们养成良好的习惯。
In 1889 Chicago had the peculiar qualification of growth which made such adventuresome pilgrimages even on the part of young girls plausible.
1889年，芝加哥显示着蒸蒸日上的生气，即使是年轻的姑娘也敢于冒险到这里来，试一试命。
Such a loss of dignity and descent into children behaviour on the part of the adults deeply shocks the adolescents.
大人如此丧失尊严以及如此陷入孩子气的行径深深震惊着少年。
New products, new processes, and the creation of new markets are part and parcel of the enterprise system.
新产品、新工艺以及新市场的创造都是事业单位体系的重要部分。
It is part and parcel of the same battle.
它是同一战斗中不可缺少的组成部分。
Now, Mr. Tulkinghorn is, in a manner, part and parcel of the place.
原来，从某种意义来说，图金霍恩先生是和这个地方分不开的。
We parted with them in the heartiest manner.
我们和他们在最热烈的气氛下分别了。
The Queen had for long been hunted by a terror that the day might come when she would be obliged to part with her Minister.
女王早就提心吊胆，生怕有那么一天她不得不同她的首相分手。
Mary had expected the old woman to be heartbroken at having to part with this clock.
玛丽以为老太太知道了卖钟的事一定很伤心。
He had sold all his jewels, except the ring he did not choose to part with.
除了那只他不愿意脱手的指环，他已经把所有的珍宝卖掉了。
They did not want to part with the three girls.
他们并不想扔掉三个闺女。
He, who quits the whole body, parts at once with all pains.
一个完全脱离了驱壳的人，就立刻解脱了一切痛苦。
All the while I was wondering why he had parted with his precious guineas.
我一直弄不懂他为什么会舍得放弃他那些宝贵的金币。
Atomic energy is a great discovery of the present century, and many people have played a part in its development.
原子能是本世纪的一大发现。许多人为原子能的发展贡献了力量。
This is an art in which intuitive guessing plays an important part.
这个工作需要技巧，直觉的猜测会起很大的作用。
It was now Hero's turn to play her part with Beatrice.
现在该轮到希罗来尽她对贝特丽丝的一份责任了。
The alehouse was coarsely furnished with a press or two, a number of naked benches, and boards set upon barrels to play the part of tables.
那酒店粗糙地装置着一两个柜橱，几条光板凳，和几块放在酒桶上当作桌子的木板。
Though he had taken no part in the discussion, Annixter was satisfied.
虽然他没有参加讨论，安尼克斯特已经很满意了。
He's taking part in a lot of community activities and he knows what needs to be done.
他参与过许多社会活动，他知道需要做什么。
The people of the house took her part.
屋里的人都站在她一边。
Certain it is that he was a great favourite among all the good wives of the village, who, as usual with the amiable sex, took his part in all family squabbles.
村里的好心的主妇们倒的确个个都喜欢他，每逢他家里发生口角，她们总是帮着他说话。
I know you'll take his part.
我知道你会袒护他的。
Our estimate was that it would not occur for the better part of a year.
我们估计在大半年内它不会出现。
Frequently banality is the better parts of valor.
老生常谈往往比大胆打破常规更为人称道。
They partook our triumph.
他们分享了我们的胜利。
He partook in the activities of the school.
他参加了学校的活动。
He immediately partook of his mother's anxiety and fell into a great flutter.
他立即分担了他母亲的焦虑，陷入一种极端张惶失措之中。
Even dear Mr. Godfrey partakes of the fallen nature which we all inherit from Adam.
就连可敬的高孚利先生，也有我们从亚当身上继承来的那种堕落本性。
"It was the partial disclosure of your secrets," replied Mr. Brownlow.
“以上还只是揭露了你的一部分秘密，”布朗劳先生说。
Small systems use partial or linear decoding to select the memory.
小系统使用局部译码或线选择码来选择存贮器。
The worst of it is that Monty keeps telling the papers in was a "partial victory".
最糟的是，蒙蒂不断向报界说，这是一场“有限的胜利”。
By now he had stirred at bet only a partial sympathy.
他这时候的心情，也至多只能说是略有几分同情而已。
At first Andrew had only partial, disconnected information.
开始，安德鲁只了解到一些不完整的，互不相关的情况。
We will replace the partial derivative by an ordinary derivative.
我们可用普通微商代替偏微商。
We may be partial, but fate is not.
我们也许有偏见，但是命运并没有偏见。
You were transferred from Moscow for being too partial toward Jews.
你太偏向犹太人，就从莫斯科调任了。
My friend Reldresal, principal Secretary for Private Affairs, is, in my opinion, if I am not partial, the second after the Treasurer.
如果我并没有偏袒谁，那么据我看来，我的朋友内务大臣瑞咫沙的本领仅次于财政大臣。
Nature had surely formed her in a partial mood.
大自然肯定是怀着偏爱的心情创造了她。
When I was as old as you, I was a feeling fellow enough and partial to the unfledged, unfostered, and unlucky.
象你那么大的时候，我很有同情心，偏爱羽毛未丰，没有人抚养和不幸的人。
If a woman is partial to a man, and does not endeavour to conceal it, he must find it out.
假如一个女人爱上了一个男人，只要女方不故意瞒住男方，男方一定会看得出的。
Lady Agnes was made to marry old Foker by the late Lord, although she was partial to her cousin.
艾格尼丝夫人嫁给老福克，是世故的勋爵的主意，她自己看中的是她的表哥。
He was more partial to the house and environs.
他对这所房子和这里的环境越来越有感情了。
The difference between an ordinary and a partial derivative was at first not explicitly recognized.
通常的导数与偏导数的区别在一开始并未被人们明确地认识。
She looked at Ransie to see if he noted any flaw or partiality or self-partisanship in her statement of their business.
她望望兰西，看他有没有在她关于他们的事情的声明中注意到什么毛病或者偏心，或者袒护自己的地方。
The novelist must look on humanity without partiality or prejudice.
小说家必须以无偏私无成见的眼光去看待人类。
Yet, though smiling within herself at the mistake, she honoured her sister for that blind partiality to Edward which produced it.
虽然她对姐姐的这种错觉暗自发笑，但她还是因姐姐由于盲目偏爱爱德华而产生这种错觉而尊重她。
The mother's fatal partiality had spoiled this boy.
那位母亲不顾一切的溺爱宠坏了这个孩子。
We have mentioned that he exhibited a certain partiality for rings, jewellery, and fine raiment of all sorts.
我们提到过，他对指环和珠宝，还有各种服饰也表现了一定程度的爱好。
Elinor returned the partiality.
埃莉诺也回报了这种垂青。
He had gone partially bald.
他的头发已有一半秃光了。
For several days traffic from the Naples airfields was partially interrupted.
那不勒斯机场的对外交通部分地停顿了数天。
As the meeting broke up, the participants divided into smaller segments-twos and threes.
散会后，与会者分成三三两两的小组。
Man himself is a participant in this environment.
人类本身是其环境的参与者。
International trade is beneficial for all participants.
国际贸易对所有参加国都有好处。
We, too, cherish the opportunity to participate in the decision-making process.
我们也珍视参加决策过程的机会。
Even policeman participated in the back door, I discovered.
我发现，即便警察也参与了后门活动。
There has been a strong tendency for more women of working age to participate in the labor force.
出现了达到工作年龄的妇女更多地加入到劳动大军中去的趋势。
Now all are participating in this.
目前的事大家都插手了。
In fact , he found it impossible to participate in American public life .
但他发现他不能跻身美国政坛。
Let all participation in the ministry of the cathedral service be refused to him.
凡是他想要参加大教堂礼拜式牧师工作的要求，我们都拒不同意。
Participation in economic activity by public agencies faces a similar hurdle.
政府机构参与经济活动，面临着相同的障碍。
When that recovery did not occur farm leaders moved further along the road toward advanced governmental participation.
当那种恢复没有成为事实时，农业界领导人就进一步要求政府干涉。
Virus particles differ in shape.
病毒颗粒有不同的形状。
He had the correct idea of trying to explain chemical phenomena in terms of ultimate particles.
他有试图用最终的微粒解释化学现象的正确想法。
Sooner or later, the sand and the particles of rock drop from the wind to the ground.
砂土和岩石的碎粒迟早会从风里落到地面上。
Skin particles are a form of soil.
皮肤碎屑是污垢的一种形式。
If a particle is moving it keeps on going in the same direction unless forces act upon it.
如果一个粒子正在运动，它将沿着同一方向继续运动下去，除非有力作用其上。
A particle is an ensemble of many molecules contained in a small volume.
一个质点是包含一个小体积中的许多分子的集合体。
But any man with a particle of sense can see that it is exactly like a rope.
凡是有一点脑子的人也能看出它实实在在象一条绳子。
This choice of axes simplifies the analysis of the particular problem.
这样选坐标轴，可使这个特殊问题的分析简化。
You haven't anything particular to do tonight, have you?
你今晚没有什么特别事情要办吧，不是吗?
I'll tell you, if you like, as a particular favour, only you mustn't tell anyone else.
如果你想知道，我可以告诉你，这是对你破格优待，只是你绝对不能泄漏给任何人。
They depend on a particular historical situation.
它们取决于特定的历史境况。
You've grown so particular as not to like to speak to him in the street.
你近来的脾气很古怪，竟不愿意和他在街上讲话。
Have you shot anything particular, lately, Giles?
贾尔斯，最近你有没有开枪命中什么不寻常的目标?
"She can't be very particular, " said Mrs. Davidson.
“她这个人不会太挑剔的，”戴维逊太太说。
I have got ten pounds more than I expected to have, and consequently I can afford to spend it without being particular.
我意外地多得了十英镑，所以大可不必斤斤计较，随便把它花掉好了。
There is no single scale of distance on a particular map.
在每张详细的地图上都没有距离的单一尺度。
These particular photographs were taken during an undergraduate laboratory session.
这些具体的照片是在实验室中学生做实验时拍摄的。
Edmund met them with particular pleasure.
埃德蒙遇到她们非常高兴。
The special case in which the specified directions are at right angles to each other is of particular importance.
分量的方向互为垂直的特殊情况是十分重要的。
The time for which a particular advertisement should run depends on the media used.
专项广告宣传的时间取决于采用的宣传工具。
She was told it by a particular friend of Miss Grey herself, else I am sure I should not have believed it.
她自己是从格雷小姐一位极要好的朋友那儿听说的，否则我肯定不会相信。
He lives and dies for the honour of his particular god.
他为他所供奉的那个神的荣誉而生，为它而死。
Couldn't you give me a few more particulars?
你能不能说得再稍微详细点儿?
She wanted to hear many particulars of their engagement repeated again.
她想再听到他们订婚中的许多细节。
He earnestly pressed her, after giving the particulars of the house and garden, to come with her daughters to Barton park.
讲述了房子和花园的详细情况以后，他恳切地竭力劝说她携带女儿到巴顿庄园来。
These dry details are of importance in one particular.
这些枯燥的详情有一点是很重要的。
It took up ten minutes to determine whether the boy was most like his father or mother, and in what particular he resembled either.
大家花了十分钟去谈论这孩子是象爸爸还是象妈妈，以及在哪一方面象爸爸或象妈妈。
I begin to think we are not much alike in any particular.
我现在开始想到你和我在任何特点上都是不相像的。
The boy seemed to have begun with the generals of life, and never to have concerned himself with particulars.
这个孩子好象一开始就注意人生一般的事物，好象从来没注意特殊的事物。
Everything, down to the smallest particular, shall be told here.
这一切都要在此加以交待，就连鸡毛蒜皮的小事也丝毫不漏。 
I'm always particular about what I say.
我从来讲话都很慎重。
She's particular over her clothes.
她在衣着方面很讲究。
You need not go into particulars.
你无须详细说明。
One dish in particular pleased the guests.
有一道菜特别使宾客满意。
He was not thinking of anything in particular.
他的脑子里并没有特意想任何事。
This will be true, in particular, if all changes take place through equilibrium states.
这在所有变化都通过平衡状态而发生时，更是如此。
Society in general and the economy in particular are in a constant state of flux.
一般来说，社会，尤其是经济总是处在不断变化的状态。
In particular, X must be Zero on the wall of the Box.
具体地说，箱壁上的X必须为零。
I agree with the poet in particular, ma'am.
我万分同意诗人的意见，夫人。
Many high-yielding crops have been found to be particularly susceptible to insects and pathogens.
人们发现许多高产作物对害虫和病原菌特别敏感。
The problems are particularly serious in low-income Africa.
低收入的非洲国家问题尤其严重。
But I particularly wish you not to come.
但是我非常希望你不要来。
The stratification of beach deposits has been studied particularly.
对海滩沉积物的层理进行了着重研究。
I cannot go into it particularly now.
我现在不能详细讲它。
Particulate matter includes particles from molecular size to greater than 10Mm in diameter.
微粒物质包括从分子大小到直径大于10毫米的粒子。
Particulate matter in soils and aquatic systems reacts with and influences the biological activity of pesticides.
土壤和水系统中的颗粒物质都与农药的生物活动起反应，并影响后者。
We find relatively large volumes of particulate fillers being used in many composites.
我们发现在许多复合材料中正在采用较多量的粉状填料。
Today there is general agreement that the nature of ordinary matter is "particulate".
现在大家已经普遍同意，普通物质的本性是“粒子性的”。
Using coke in iron ore reduction produces copious quantities of airborne particulates.
炼铁过程中使用焦炭，会在空中形成大量的悬浮粒子。
Other pollutants, especially particulates, were also present.
也有其他污染物存在，特别是颗粒物。
I tried to eat my parting breakfast, but my tears dropped upon my bread-and-butter, and trickled into my tea.
我尽力想吃我那一顿临别的早饭，但是我的泪却滴到我的黄油面包上，流到我的茶杯里。
With this parting admonition, he left Clyde to his thoughts.
这样临行前劝告了一番，他就走了，留下克莱德自己想心事。
With a parting look round his room, he went out.
他用惜别的眼光看了看这间房子，然后就走出去了。
When they shook hands at parting her heart went pit-a-pat again.
当我们握手分别时，她的心重新卜卜直跳起来。
To me, parting is a painful thing.
对我来说，分手总是件痛苦的事。
Mrs. Rachael was too good to feel any emotion at parting.
雷彻尔夫人这人太好了，临别时居然能无动于衷。
There were hurried words of farewell and kindness, but the parting was soon over.
这其间有过一些仓促告别的友善之词，但是告别礼一下子就过去了。
Parting is all we know of heaven.
死亡是我们对天堂的全部所知。
Frate starts running suddenly and waits for me at the parting of the road.
弗雷特突然奔跑起来，在岔路口等着我。
Partisans rose up behind the German fronts and harassed the communications in a merciless warfare.
游击队在德军的后方兴起，在残酷的战斗中不断袭击交通线。
Every movement has its partisans.
每次运动都有其支持者。
She ought to have been a partisan of her father.
她可以说是她父亲的掌上明珠。
At first she was against Pen, and suspicious of him, she was him partisan now.
起先她反对小潘，怀疑他不怀好意，现在却跟他很投契。
The next step was to secure the administration against partisan attack.
下一个步骤是防止政府受到党派性的攻击。
We were on the ever of a partisan Senate inquisition.
我们正处在有党派偏见的参院调查的前夕。
Ervin, for all his affected distraction and homely manner, was a sharp, resourceful and intensely partisan political animal.
尽管欧文装出一副满不在乎和貌不惊人的样子，但他却是一个敏锐，机智，而且极有门户之见的政治动物。
But such a location had more often led to partition than to independence.
然而这样的位量往往导致瓜分而不是独立。
To prefer one at the expense of the other would bring on Civil War and worse disunity than that would result from peaceful partition.
如果偏爱一方，牺牲另一方，将会引起内讧和分裂，比和平划分造成的不统一更糟。
The internal partition function is frequently simply called the partition function or also the state sum.
内配分函数往往简称配分函数，也可称为态和。
For many people there was no fine partition between art and propaganda.
对许多人来说，艺术和宣传是划不清界线的。
The air cell partition become indistinct.
气房间隔变得不明显。
There are no intermolecular interactions either before or after the partition is moved.
无论是将隔板移开之前还是将隔板移开之后，都没有分子间作用力。
A very different type of block is that used for building the internal partitions between rooms.
另一种与上述截然不同的块体是用来建造房间之间内隔墙的砌块。
A principle contribution to this work has been the partitioning of intelligence into component abilities.
对这项工作作出重大贡献的是把智力划分成各种组合能力。
R must be partitioned for each individual component.
对各个组成部分的R必须加以区分。
We may partition matrices by drawing horizontal and vertical lines between the rows and columns.
我们也可以将矩阵分块，即在行以及列之间画一些水平线和垂直线。
These are matrices that may be partitioned.
这是一些能分割的矩阵。
White fat is partitioned by septa of loose connective tissue into clusters of adipose cells.
白色脂肪被疏松结缔组织隔膜分隔成脂肪细胞群。
It is useful to partition a graph into its components.
把一个图分解成它的分支，是很有益的。
The parent uranium has been partitioned from its decay products.
铀母体与其衰变产物分离。
The door was partly open.
门半开着。
I possess a small independency, arising partly from my own savings, and partly from a legacy left me some years since.
我有一小笔可以独立生活的钱，一半是靠我自己积蓄起来的，一半是我几年前得到的一笔遗产。
Jim said he reckoned the widow was partly right and pap was partly right.
吉姆说，他认为寡妇有一部分道理，爸爸也有一部分道理。
Partly on account of this division between them, and partly on other accounts Sir Morbury and his Lady led a troubled life.
一则是由于他们之间的这种分歧，一则是由于其他原因，莫布里爵士和他的夫人过得很不融洽。
It's partly your fault.
一方面也是由于你的过错。
Mrs. Grantly was partly willing to agree with her husband.
格伦雷太太多少也乐意赞同她丈夫的意见。
This new revolution method was partly the outcome of prolonged and largely critical debates.
方法上的这种新革命在某种程度上是长期和大量的批判性论争的结果。
Anne had once partly promised Mrs. Smith to spend the evening with her.
安妮曾经含含糊糊地答应过史密斯夫人：这天晚上同她一起度过。
Were our ancestors lucky to be only partly informed?
我们的祖先孤陋寡闻是否算幸运呢?
If one country gains from trade, do its trading partner lose?
如果某个国家从贸易中获得了利益，它的贸易伙伴会受到损失吗?
"Where's your partner?" I asked.
“你的同伴呢?”我问。
I feel the same way as my partner does.
我跟我的同事有着同样的感觉。
I happen to have an honest partner.
我碰巧有一个忠实的好搭挡。
In a contractor's organization partners do not exist because almost every contractor is a limited company.
在承包部门中则不存在股东，因为几乎任何一个承包商都是一个有限公司。
Soon I may make you my partner in the Neptune.
不久我可能要你当我内普丘恩的合股人。
In 1903, Henry Ford with partners founded the Ford Motor Company.
亨利•福特和他的合伙人在1903年创办了福特汽车制造公司。
In a word, my new partner in wickedness and I went on together so long, without being ever detected.
总之，我作恶的新伴侣同我一起干了这么久而且没有人们发现。
The females standing by as spectators, at last choose the most attractive partners.
雌鸟站在旁边作观察，末后乃选择最有吸引力的做配偶。
All the chlorine atoms have already found partners.
所有的氯原子都已找到了配对的伙伴。
Mr. Darcy, you must allow me to present this young lady to you as a very desirable partner.
达西先生，让我把这位年轻的小姐介绍给你，这是位最理想的舞伴。
In anti-U-boat warfare the air weapon was now an equal partner with the surface ship.
在反潜艇战中，空中的武器现在已和水面的舰艇并驾齐驱。
Many a year went around before I was a partner in the House.
过了好多年，我才在这家公司里入了股。
Clearly, in this region, the partnership of man and geography did not develop as fully as elsewhere.
显然，这个地区的人和地理的合作不象其它地区那样充分。
It involved selling off limited partnerships.
它涉及到售出有限的合伙权。
A major disadvantage of the partnership is that each member is liable for all the debts of the partnership.
合伙企业的一个大缺点是，每个合伙人都要对企业的全部债务负责。
That is more of partnership.
这更带有一种合营性质。
Finally he had gone into partnership with a Cuban.
最后他与一个古巴人合伙了。
Perhaps partons or quarks will be found with this accelerator.
很有可能，用这台加速器就能够找到部分子或夸克。
Their humbler followers, such as partridges, have a like power of strong propulsion, but soon tire.
它们的低级同类，如鹧鸪，有一种同样大的推动力，但很快就疲劳了。
Parturition is defined as the physiologic process by which the pregnant uterus delivers the fetus and placenta from the maternal organism.
分娩的定义是妊娠子宫将胎儿和胎盘从母体排出的过程。
The Democrats, as everybody knew, were the party of the common man.
人人都知道，民主党是一般老百姓的党。
He then deals freely with his brother's party.
他还大肆杀戳他兄弟的党羽。
I belong to no party.
我不属于任何派别。
This is the doctrine of the nominalist party.
这是唯名主义学派的学说。
I do not believe that history will judge that we were the party being used.
我不相信历史将来会断定我们是被利用的一方。
Heathcliff glanced at me with an ill-meaning smile, expressing his acquaintance with the party.
希刺克历夫带着恶意的微笑溜我一眼，表明他已经认识了对方。
I wish you to become a party to this.
我希望你也成为其中的一部分。
As the war progressed the peace party gained in strength.
战争进行中，和平的一派人士力量增强。
The rescue party had arrived.
营救队已经来了。
Our party landed in England without incident.
我们一行安抵伦敦。
An ancient bus stopped by a dry river bed and a party of famous actors and actresses got off.
一辆古旧的大客车在一条干涸的河床边停下，一群著名男女演员下了车。
"Shame! shame!" cried the rest of the party.
“丢脸!丢脸!”这伙人中其余的人叫喊道。
I've arranged a little party for you.
我给你布置了一个小小的宴会。
Ted holds a party for his friends.
特德为他的朋友们举行了一次聚会。
A personal claim perished on the death of a party .
个人诉讼请求因为当事人死亡而终止。
After breakfast quite a family party went downtown together.
早餐之后，一大家人一起来到街上。
Miss Thompson was giving a party.
汤姆逊小姐在请客呢。
Several months later Fred and Burns Cody, two old friends of mine, gave a party for me.
几个月以后，我的两位老友弗雷德和伯恩斯•科迪为我举行了一个宴会。
We passed another town before daylight.
我们在天亮以前，经过了另一个镇。  
Why isn't the sun hidden from view when the moon passes between the sun and the earth?
当月球从太阳和地球中间穿过时，为什么太阳未被遮住?
The army had passed the summit of the mighty mountain wall.
队伍翻过了雄伟的高山峭壁的顶峰。
I have passed the deserts and have already seen the maritime empire.
我已经越过了沙漠，并且见到海洋国了。
My eyes passed all other objects to rest on those most remote, the blue peaks.
我的眼光掠过所有其他的一切，停在最远处蓝色的山峰上。
The last years passed from her mind.
过去的岁月从她的脑子里闪过。
It matters little where we pass the remnant of our days.
我们在什么地方度过我们的余年已经无关紧要。
Pen had passed a few days at his uncle's lodgings before they set out for Oxbridge.
来牛津和剑桥之前，潘在叔父的寓所盘桓了几天。
I used to pass whole evening that way.
以前我总是这样消磨整个黄昏。
My life might have been passed in ease and luxury.
我满可以在舒适豪华的环境中消遥一辈子。
I am sure you cannot long be content to pass your leisure in solitude.
我肯定，你不可能长久满足于在孤独中打发你的空闲时间。
Reaching home, and after writing and mailing the letter to Ratterer, Clyde passed troubled night.
克莱德回到家里，把寄给拉特勒的信写好发出去以后，就非常苦恼地挨过了一晚。
The time passed lightly.
时间轻松愉快地过去了。
Time passed.
光阴荏苒。
As the years passed she came to feel more and more estranged from her husband.
随着岁月的流逝，她觉得与丈夫愈来愈疏远。
Now the moment is passed.
现在已经错过机会了。
He was a racing nut, but he failed to understand that the heyday of racing had already passed.
他是一个赛车狂，但不了解赛车的全盛时期已一去不复返了。
By 1914 the era of monopoly in American industry had passed, and a new economic structure was emerging.
到1914年，美国工业的垄断时代已经结束，一种新的经济结构正在出现。
In a moment it would pass.
刹那之间它就会消逝。
If I kept on reading that feeling would pass.
如果我坚持看下去，这种感觉就会消失。
Social forces, including ethics, arise before laws are passed.
社会力量，包括伦理，在法律通过前就已经形成。
He passed the university entrance exam a year ago.
一年前，他通过了大学入学考试。
It is not only necessary that I pass, but pass well.
我不但要考及格，还要考好。
We can't pass judgement on that unfortunate race.
我们无法对那个不幸的民族作出判断。
The Special Administrative Region will pass its own legislation.
特别行政区将制定自己的法律。
They discussed how Truman had passed his miracle a dozen years earlier.
他们谈论十二年前杜鲁门是如何创造奇迹的。
As Deerslayer approached the point, several women and children were passed.
杀鹿人到达时只碰见几个女人和小孩。
You may have passed him on the street a hundred times during the twenty-five years.
25年来你可能在大街上遇到他成百次。
That vessel will soon be passing us.
那只船就要和我们相遇了。
The man that passes false money is as bad as he who makes it.
用伪币的人和造伪币的人是一样坏的。
Data must pass in both directions so both transmitters and receivers are used.
由于数据必须在两个方向上流通，所以发送器和接收器都要使用。
All these troops passed under the command of the XIIIth Corps Headquarters.
所有这些部队都拨归第十三军司令部。
She thought of what had just passed with anxiety and distrust.
她焦急，怀疑地想着刚刚发生过的事。
He had all along told me I was his wife, and I looked upon myself as effectually so as if the ceremony had passed.
他一向总是说我是他的妻子，我自己也认为是他的夫人，好象我们举行过婚礼一样。
Time brings all things to pass.
时间使一切发生着变化。
Even polished brass will pass upon more people than rough gold .
即使是闪闪发光的黄铜，都比粗糙的黄金容易被人当作金子来接受。
We knew what was passing in his mind.
我们知道他心里在想什么。
"What passes with you?" Pilar asked.
“你都干了些什么?”皮拉尔问。
What passed on the road, old one?
路上有什么动静，老伙计?
The bloody visions passed in and out of her mind.
那血淋淋的幻影在她脑海中时隐时现。
The doomed leaves pass through on their way to dingy, and yellow, and red.
叶子注定要由暗淡而泛黄，然后变红。
So the years pass and repeat each other.
岁月如流，年复一年。
The prince guessed at what was passing in his heart.
亲王猜到了他的心思。
I have police passes for both of you.
我给你们俩准备好了警察当局发的通行证。
Although I was a familiar face, I still had to pass.
我虽然是熟人，但仍无出入证。
I write those passes myself.
这些路条都是我开的。
I have got a theatre pass.
我弄到了一张戏院入场券。
They brought him out of the hills over the twisting narrow passes.
他们沿着蜿蜒的羊肠小道把他从山里送了出来。
The men who had been sent to look at the passes over the mountains shook their heads.
派去查看山上隘道的人都连连摇头。
Their army never did reach the Sinai passes.
他们的军队也从未到达西奈半岛的各个要隘。
What do you figure on if we can't get through the pass?
假如山口过不去，依你看该怎么办好呢?
Even Stirling Bridge, which is the main pass over that river, would be watched with little interest.
甚至这条河的主要关口施德林桥，也一定是马马虎虎地监视着的。
Why have they reached this pass?
他们怎么陷入如此困境?
He had luck and much agility and unusual strength, that he should have thus saved himself from such a pass.
他靠了运气，轻快敏捷地动作和超凡出群的气力，才在这样一场灾祸中救出自己。
He had made passes at her in Moscow.
在莫斯科时，他曾向她大献殷勤。
Never by word of deed have I ever made a pass at Margie YoungHunt.
不管在言语和举动上我都从来没有去挑逗过玛姬•扬亨特。
At seven-thirty Friday evening Scali passed this word along.
星期五晚上七时半，斯卡利把话传了过去。
Kunta could hardly wait to get back home and pass this fascinating story along to the others.
昆塔迫不及待地要赶回家，把这惊人的消息告诉别人。
He might pass as a northerner in Westminster, but he would be a southerner in Leeds.
尽管他在议会里还能冒充北方人，但到了利兹就是个南方人了。
Clearly Eliza will not pass as a duchess.
很明显，伊莉莎现在还不能被当作公爵夫人。
In this quiet way, the first fortnight of her visit soon passed away.
她开头两个星斯的作客生涯，就这样安静地过去了。
Their party was small, and the hours passed quietly away.
她们这一伙人数不多，时间在她们身边静静地流逝。
The vision passed away.
幻影消散了。
Tom Brangwen's mood of inspiration began to pass away.
汤姆•布兰文充满灵感的情绪开始消退了。
The scarlet would pass away from his lips.
朱红会从他的唇上消褪。
Do you think he'll pass away?
你认为他会死吗?
He had to succeed to the business when his father passed away.
他父亲去世时他不得不继承他父亲的事业。
She lay down and, turning her face to the wall, passed away.
她躺下，把脸转向墙壁，便溘然长逝了。
The world had passed away from him, as his strength ebbed.
这个世界正在从他这里消失，因为他的精力渐趋耗尽。
One form of colonial rule shall not have passed away merely to be replaced by a far greater iron tyranny.
一种形式殖民统治的消亡绝不仅仅是为了让另一种更加严酷的暴政来替代它。
What passed between my mistress and me on this occasion was, in the main, a repetition of what had passed between Mr. Franklin and me.
我跟女东家谈的，大致上就是我和弗兰克林谈的老话。
Little passed between Peking and Washington.
北京和华盛顿几乎没有什么关系了。
He was touching unconsciously the dead husks of flowers as he passed by.
当他路过时，无意中碰落了枯死的花荚。
As the cart passed by, splashing through the thin mud, she stood back against the bank.
马车走过，溅起一层薄薄的泥土，她往后靠着堤岸站住。
Everyone passes me by here.
这儿一个人都不睬我。
It passed them by.
它对它们置之不理。
I'll pass that by.
那点，我就略而不谈了。
Another year passed by.
又过一年。 
He felt the decision process was passing him by, therefore he should say something.
他觉得决策的进程一闪即逝，因此，他得谈点什么才行。
Anything requiring more cerebral strain passed her by.
任何需要动脑的事，她都不干。
His orders were commands, passed down from the "ring" to its hundreds or thousands of workers.
他的指示就是军令，从“小集团”一直下达到成百上千的工作人员。
Those who have supported him will pass for his accomplices.
那些支持他的人就要被视为他的从犯。
I found presently, that whether I was a whore or a wife, I was to pass for a whore here.
我立刻看出，无论我是个荡妇还是个妻子，我现在总是被人当作荡妇看待。
But the Third Reich had passed into history.
但是第三帝国却成为历史。
In an ordinary resistance, the energy which is "lost" passes into heat.
在一个普通电阻中，损失的能量转变成为热。
We then passed into narrative of the deaths of Captain Swosser and Professor Dingo.
后来，我们转而谈到斯沃塞舰长和丁格教授是怎么死的。
Light passes into the eye through the pupil.
光通过瞳孔进入人眼。
It could easily pass into speech and back again into print in a modified form.
它很容易在讲演里出现，经过修改又印了出来。
The first numbness had passed off.
起初的那种麻木不仁的感觉消失了。
He nodded and smiled and passed the thing off.
他点头微笑，把事情支吾过去。
He passed himself off as the son of the king of Portugal.
他冒充葡萄牙国王的儿子。
If he could pass off the death as occurring from natural causes, the true cause might not attract attention.
如果他能使病人的死亡显得是正常死亡、人们也许不会注意到真正的死因。
Since many people had got to know his story, it would have been impossible to pass him off anyone else.
既然许多人都已经知道了他的事情，要他冒充任何其他的人是不可能的了。
The old man and the child passed on through the glad silence.
老人和女孩在这种愉快的沉寂里前进。
The subsidies and taxes are passed on through private traders.
补贴和纳税通过私营商人进行。
Once writers have passed their writing on to someone else, they cannot change it.
作者一旦把所写的东西交给另一个人，他们就无法再修改了。
Henry passed the letter on to me, and I give it to Zimmie.
亨利把这封信转给了我，我把它交给了齐米。
He passed the blame on to the world.
他把责任推给世界。
All that has been said about how the benefits of consumers' surplus are passed on to individuals.
上面我们说明了消费者盈余的好处，何以能够转移到个人身上。
It passes on the hereditary material to each daughter cell.
它将遗传物质传至每个子细胞。
It may cause illness that could be passed on to our children and grandchildren.
它还可能引起某种疾病，而这种疾病又可遗传给我们的子孙后代。
Highly respected medicine men passed on their knowledge to the school students.
德高望重的医生把他们的知识传授给学生们。
When I got home I phoned the girl's father to pass on the news.
我回到家里就打电话给那个女孩的父亲，把这个消息告诉他。
Responsible pharmacists passed on what they learned.
责任心强的药剂师们报告了他们了解到的情况。
The facts will be passed on to the public.
成果将向公众公布。
Mr. A passed out last night.
A先生昨晚死去。
I will go some day before I pass out.
我两腿一伸之前，总有一天会去的。
Brett passed out on the train.
勃莱特在火车上醉倒了。
She passed out when she heard the news.
她听到这消息就昏倒了。
When I saw the check I nearly passed out.
看到帐单后，我差点昏过去。
As he passed out, the jury, who had turned back and paused a moment, spoke, through their fore man.
在他们出去的时候，法官们已经回来，停了一会，才由他们的长官出来说话。
He passed quietly out of the room.
他悄悄地走出房间。
Later, the frozen tissue dies, sloughs off and passes out with the urine.
不久，冷冻的组织会死亡，脱落并随尿排出。
The pretty woman before him passed out of his field of vision.
眼前的漂亮女人从他的视野中消失了。
The situation in Tokyo was passing out their control.
他们正失去对东京局势的控制。
Lynn decided to pass out the presents at the beginning of the party.
琳决定宴会一开始就分发礼物。
Doctor Winter went to the window and squinted up at the sky, and he said, " It's a big cloud, maybe it will pass over."
温特医生走到窗前，他眯着眼看天，他说：“这是一大块云，也许就会过去的。”
A thrill passed over Mr. Winkle's frame.
一阵颤栗掠过文克尔先生的身体。
The conqueror passed over the bodies into the city.
得胜的军队跨过死者尸首向城市进军。
"Have some whisky", returned Cronshaw, passing over the bottle.
“那就来点儿威士忌吧。”克朗肖把酒瓶子递过来说。
Sections that may be passed over in first reading are marked with an asterisk.
凡在第一遍阅读时可以忽略的一些段落都用星号标明。
He was able to unearth a lot of good people who had been passed over by the previous management.
他发现了许多人材，都是被以前的公司领导埋没的。
I can assure you the captains of the inferior ranks are all passed over, and all very ill used.
我可以告诉你小舰长们都不受重视，且受人虐待。
As for the rest of my infancy, there being nothing in it remarkable, I shall pass it over.
此后，我的幼年时代可就无甚出奇之处，因而略过不提。
They had passed over Hoover's triumphs.
他们避而不谈胡佛的成就。
Kennedy readily assented, and the matter passed over.
肯尼迪欣然表示同意，于是这个问题就此告结束。
"You'll be sorry to hear that Mr. Barker's passed over" she said.
她说：“你听到巴克先生去世一定会感到惋惜。”
And at least here in this group we should not pass over in silence the fact that there do exist in the world other nuclear powers as well.
至少在这里，在我们这些人中，不应对世界上仍然存在其他核大国这样一个事实漠然置之。
When the chance of promotion arose, he was passed over.
当提升的机会出现时，他却没有份。
The light beam passes through the container holding the vapor.
光束通过盛蒸气的容器。
As neutrons pass through matter, they make occasional elastic collisions with nuclei.
当中子穿过物质时，偶而与核发生弹性碰撞。
Only two weeks ago he had passed like a whirl-wind through the village.
仅两星期前，他象阵旋风似地经过村子。
We are passing through on our way to sky-kissing Peak.
我们路过这儿上摩天岭去。
Meanwhile affairs in Indonesia had passed through critical phrases.
这时，印度尼西亚的事态经历了一个紧急的时期。
He couldn't explain that he had passed through a great adventure.
他没法说明自己曾度过一次大险。
My sister has passed through here, Rudolph thought.
我姐姐曾经在这儿进出，鲁道夫想。
All the chance of good and evil passed through his brain.
各种各样有利的和不利的可能性都在他的脑中驰骋往来。
Because of their short wavelength, x-rays can pass through objects which are opaque to ordinary light.
由于X射线的波长短，它就能穿透一般光线所不能穿透的物体。
A curious spasm passed through her.
一种奇异的痉挛的感觉传遍她周身。
The other method is to pass the powder through 200 or fine mesh screen.
另一种是把软木粉用200目或更细的筛网进行筛选。
Occasionally he passed a hand through his still disordered hair.
偶尔他用手捋捋依旧很凌乱的头发。
The queen passed slowly to the head of the hall.
王后慢慢走向大厅一头。
We pass to the induction step.
我们转向归纳步骤。
These dissolved materials thus pass from the lithosphere to the hydrosphere.
因此，这些溶解了的物质就从岩石圈转移到水圈。
They multiply and pass from generation to generation much like ordinary bacterial genes.
它们增殖并世代相传，与一般细菌十分相似。
When a procedure in any language is called, a list of addresses of the argument is passed to it.
当调用任一语言中的过程时，总是把变元的地址表传给过程。
I at once passed this new information to the President.
我立刻将这个新消息转告总统。
Pass up the paint pot and brush.
把油漆罐和刷子递上来。
This is a chance you can't pass up.
这个机会你绝对不可错过。
Just the same, Tanya's invitation seemed too enticing to pass up.
不管怎样，坦妮亚的这一邀请看来是如此之诱人，可不能失之交臂。
Would you find it hard to pass up meat, and live on a vegetarian diet?
不吃肉而以素食为生，你感到很难做到吗?
The snow has gone and the mountain roads are passable again.
雪已经化了，山路又可通行了。
He's not a brilliant tennis-player but he's passable.
他不是一个优秀的网球运动员，但还过得去。
The hunters needed a guide for their passage through the jungle.
猎人们须有向导带他们通过丛林。
Would the passage of a resolution recommending sanctions bring about the practical result we seek?
难道通过一项建议制裁的决议，会产生我们所寻求的实际效果吗?
No passage this way!
此路禁止通行!
A narrow passage led directly through the house into the garden behind.
一条狭窄的走廊直接穿过房子，通向后花园。
"Shut the door," whispered Fagin from the end of the passage.
“把门关好，”费根从过道尽头低声说。
These are simply air passage.
这些都是空气的通道。
At last they were in the secret passage, and the cutting-out expedition had really begun!
他们终于进了秘密地道，于是，这次突然袭击的远征正式开始了!
The passage is narrow.
这孔道很狭小。
He hoped to obtain a passage to Annan.
希望在那里获得到安南的通路。
With the passage of time, however, the balance of bargaining strength shifts.
然而，随着时间的推移，谈判实力的均势也会发生变化。
She had never realized the passage of the years, she had never imagined that her youth was waning.
她从未意识到年华的流逝，她从未想象过自己的青春正在衰减。
He speculated on the passage of time.
他遐想着时光的飞逝。
The most successful of his experiments are the passage of fantasy.
这些试验中最成功的是描写幻想的那些段落。
If I had space I could quote numerous passages to this effect from highly competent authorities.
如果篇幅允许，我当引证有能力的权威作者对于这种效果的许多著述。
Sir C. Lyell in a striking passage has speculated in language almost identical with mine, on the effects of great alterations of climate throughout the world on geological distribution.
莱伊尔曾在一段动人的文章内，用和我几乎相同的说法推测了全球气候的大变动对于地理分布所起的影响。
Of course government will give you your passage.
当然，政府可以为你支付旅费。
With our kids all away for good Annette and I are at a similar stage in our passage in life.
我们的孩子们都已远走高飞，我和安妮特的生活依然如故。
In horse, the careless or rough passage of a stomach tube may result in bleeding from the nose.
对马不小心或粗暴插入胃管可导致鼻出血。
Hummat has to be moved first, as otherwise he would not permit the clouds passage over the mountains.
赫玛得先搬走，否则便不能为云层开路，让云层从山上飘过来。
The ship had a rough passage.
这船有过一次历尽风浪的航行。
We have the power to navigate, to choose direction and make our passage together.
我们可以驾船航行，选择方向，同舟共济。
His business was so nearly concluded as to justify him in proposing to take his passage in September packet.
他的事物几乎就要办完，他提出乘坐九月份的邮船是完全有根据的。
It seems to us high time that they began to work their passage.
在我们看来，这正是他们立功赎罪的良好时机。
This reduces gain but widens the amplifier's passband.
这方法降低了增益，但加宽了放大器的通频带。
When it rained the passengers had to stay in the house, of course.
碰到下雨，乘客当然只好呆在房里。
The airplane had many passengers going to London.
这架飞机载有许多去伦敦的旅客。
Though he was almost a stranger here now passing cottagers talked to him over the garden hedge.
虽然现在这个村子里没有什么人认识他了，但是过路的人，却有的隔着园篱和他说话。  
At first they seemed to treat it as a passing phenomenon.
最初，他们看来只把这事当作暂时的现象。
In certain countries, youth's unrest is a passing phenomenon.
在某国家中，青年的骚动是个一时的现象。
Oh, don't you understand that it isn't a passing whim?
啊，难道你不明白这不是一个昙花一现的念头?
Pulses of radiation are emitted when free electrons in the gas are accelerated by passing ions.
当气体中的自由电子被掠过的离子加速时，将发出辐射脉冲。
He looked at the passing buildings out of the side window.
他从边窗向外望着一掠而过的建筑物。
And yet, looking down at him in a moment that was like a secret, passing sign, her face did tell him.
然而，在她低头看他时的一瞬间---这一瞬间象是个一闪即逝的暗号---她的脸色告诉了他。
It was only a passing idea.
这只是我的一个偶然的想法。
This is only a passing suggestion.
这只是一个顺便提出的建议。
Otherwise the gap between aspiration and reality will continue to widen with each passing year.
否则，理想与现实之间的差距逐年扩大。
We watched the passing people.
我们看着熙熙攘攘的行人。
Few in whitehall mourned his passing.
白厅里对于他的离职感到惋惜的人为数不多。
All of us have one life and one passing.
我们大家只有一个生命和一次死亡。
Your Prime Minister mentioned it in passing when I saw him.
你们的首相先生见到我的时候随便提了一句。
After a while everyone ceased to speak of Hal except in passing.
过了一阵子，谁都不谈及哈尔了，除大量顺便提起。
It is undefinable as a passion.
它作为一种激情是无法加以解说的。
He grew cold with passion.
他由于激动而发冷。
The great majority of American progressive were obsessed with a passion for domestic social and economic reform.
美国进步派的绝大多数沉溺于争取国内社会和经济改革的热情之中。
It is an emotion which is defenceless against passion.
在冲动的热情前面，这种感情是毫无防卫能力的。
It was a colossal passion in embryo, It never matured.
它是一种还处在胚胎中的伟大感情，从来没有成熟过。
William did not share his brother's passion for reminiscence.
威利并没有分享弟弟回忆往事的幽思。
It is not a reasonable passion.
这不是理性的情感。
All its passion of comradeship among Allies, of retribution upon the common foe dominated our minds.
而同盟国之间的战友情谊以及对于共同敌人的复仇情绪，支配了我们的全部思想。
His passion for reading never deserted him.
他的读书的嗜好从没有失去过。
It was a passion with her.
这是她的一种癖好。
Our passion for freedom led to the American Revolution.
我们对自由的渴望导致了美国革命。
A man should live from emotions and passions.
人的生活应当不受情感和主观愿望的影响。
Poetry was his passion.
他喜欢诗歌。
This subject became his passion.
这个学科成了他的爱好。
His passion for Sue troubled his soul.
他对淑那样热爱，已经够使他心神不宁的了。
In music, Sam's passion was Mozart.
在音乐方面，萨姆钟情于莫扎特。
The six-month's passion had aged him very considerably.
六个月的恋爱使他一下子长大了好几岁。
They were tears of passion, and she could scarcely restrain a cry of triumph.
这是爱恋的眼泪，她差点儿发出胜利的呼喊。
She felt for him an incipient tenderness, but scarcely any passion.
她对他的好感只是一种刚刚萌芽的柔情，还根本谈不上什么爱情。
Her face was pale with passion.
她的脸都气白了。
She heard the Queen's voice in the distance, screaming with passion.
她听见远处王后狂怒的尖叫声。
The Rat danced up and down in the road, simply transported with passion.
老鼠怒火万丈，在路上又蹦又跳。
Passion proves the most dramatically destructive force.
情欲是最有戏剧性的毁灭力量。
His passion flayed him like whips .
他的七情六欲象鞭子似地抽打着他。
For my father, painting was a governing passion.
我父亲的心思全放在绘画上，
It came before Mother, before himself and even before his children.
这比母亲，他自己，甚至于我们孩子们都重要。
The fresh morning air seemed to drive away all his sombre passions.
早晨的清新空气仿佛驱散了所有那些阴郁的念头。
Soon his passion sank down to grief, and grief gave way to melancholy.
他的痛苦不久便转为忧伤，忧伤又转成为悒郁。
On the day Amelia went away, she was in such a passion of tears.
爱米丽亚离校那天她哭得死去活来。
No spark had yet kindled in him an intellectual passion.
还没有火花点燃他身上的求知欲。
I surprised myself with my sudden passion.
我的勃然大怒使我自己也吃了一惊。
She burst into a passion of tears.
她嚎啕大哭起来。
Now there was something to be done, they worked with passion.
现在可有事情做了，他们热火朝天地干着。
Half purposefully , Stanley had stroked one of Croft's basic passions .
史坦利这是不无敌意地摸着了克洛夫特的一个痒处。
When the King heard this he fell into a passion .
国王听了这话，勃然大怒。
Now when I was a little chap I had a passion for maps.
要知道，当我还是个小孩子的时候，我就对地图特别感兴趣。
It was Mr. Allworthy's custom never to punish anyone, not even to turn away a servant, in a passion.
奥尔华绥先生向来不在气头上责罪什么人，或者辞掉一个仆人。
But I've never seen you in a passion, Eddie.
但我总没见你发过脾气，埃迪。
The General's in a passion and says he won't have the boy in his house another day.
将军大发雷霆说他要立刻把那孩子赶出家门。
It seems as if I could do anything when I am in a passion.
我怒火中烧时，似乎什么事都干得出来。
The exaggerated folly of the threat, the passionate gesture that accompanied it, the mad melodramatic words made life seem more vivid to her.
这个恐吓似乎傻得厉害，而且他在讲的时候还伴以激烈的手势，还有他这些疯狂的耸人听闻的话，这一切都使她感到生活比以往显得更逼真了。
"Not like cats!" cried the Mouse in a shrill passionate voice.
“不喜欢猫!”耗子激动地尖声叫道。
Neither he nor Gretchen was involved in the passionate political activities of the movie colony.
在电影界聚居地，他和格丽卿都不混杂到激昂的政治活动里去。
Shylock's second passionate assertion of human equality is almost as well known has it deserves to be.
夏洛克第二次关于人类平等所讲的那一套慷慨激昂的话，得到了应有的广泛流传。
Yet their basic philosophy is the same, and though it may never have been a passionate romance, the marriage has worked well over the years.
他们的基本人生观是一样的，所以，尽管他们婚后的生活从未出现过充满激情的浪漫色彩，他们的婚姻一直是美满的。
It may vary in mood from the whimsical even playful, to the tragic and passionate.
它可以表现不同的情绪，从怪诞的，幽默滑稽的到悲怆的和热情的。
It was astonishing that this shy girl could grow so passionate.
真叫人惊奇，这个腼腆的姑娘能够变得这么势情奔放。
Elizabeth Hunter, judging by the studio portraits, and the oil painting, had been a beautiful, a passionate woman.
从照片和油画中看出，伊丽莎白•亨特当年是位姿容美丽、热情洋溢的女人。
She was restless and passionate.
她坐立不安；性情暴躁。
I am passionate, but not vindictive.
我容易激动，却不爱报复。
Macrory said, but a man---even a passionate one---needs to keep his fire stoked.
马克罗里说，可一个男人---特别是一个血气方刚的男子---总应该将炉火烧得旺旺的。
Deep within him a passionate hatred was brewing for everyone in the army who endangered his life.
他心底深处渐渐燃起了一股强烈的仇恨，这部队里凡是让他冒生命危险的人，他个个都恨。
She was giving full vent to her passionate hatred.
她在充分地发泄她那燃烧的仇恨。
The haughty Ione burst into passionate tears.
高傲的伊俄涅伤心地痛哭起来。
Annette sank into a chair, and, leaning her forehead on her two fists, burst into passionate weeping.
安耐特颓然跃进一把椅子里，用两只拳头顶着脑门儿，突然撕心裂肺地哭了起来。
He could not tell what was behind that smile of hers---passionate aching or only some ideal, some chaste and glacial intangibility.
他说不上她的笑里藏的是些什么---多情的苦恼，或者只是一种理想，一种冰清玉洁的幻想。
Who could have passionate thoughts or wild desires?
谁能有情欲之念或非分之想呢?
He is passionate about sport, most of which leaves her cold.
他很爱好运动，而她对大部分运动不感兴趣。
Then a passionate celibacy is all that any of us can look forward to.
那么，令人朝思暮想的独身生活，就是我们大家所能乞求的了。
Her manner was almost passionate.
她的态度几乎是相当诚恳。
There is another reason, a reason more important, more passionate.
另外还有一个原因，一个更为重要，更具有感情色彩的原因。
He could not have explained why, but he wanted her in an urgent, passionate way.
他说不出是什么道理，但是如饥似渴地需要她。
She spoke with a passionate strenuousness which was rather striking.
她说得慷慨激昂，那狂热劲儿真叫人吃惊。
Childhood is remembered because it is passionate.
人们记得儿时旧事，因为那是热情充溢的时期。
They passionately described his misery to her.
他们激动地对她描述了他的悲惨遭遇。
Once he had loved her passionately.
他曾炽热地爱过她。
Everyone was passionately concerned with economic policy.
每个人都非常关心经济政策问题。
He was passionately fond of a youth named Hyacinthus.
他十分喜爱一个名叫雅辛托斯的少年。
He is active; you are passive.
他是积极的，您是消极的。
You sit quietly where I have placed you, and regard me with a weary, passive look.
你静悄悄地坐在我把你放下的地方，用一副疲乏而消沉的神情看着我。
People are not by nature passive or resistant to organizational needs.
消极被动或抵制组织需要并非人的天性。
She looked at him, her eyes passive and calm.
她望着他，眼神温顺而平静。
Gudrun was very beautiful, passive, soft-skinned, soft-limbed.
古娟长得非常标致，温柔可爱，皮肤和手脚都是软软的。
Sally's curiosity led her to be a very passive prisoner in Mary's hold.
莎莉的好奇使她很驯服地做了玛丽手中的俘虏。
Her attitude at this sentimental crisis seemed to him unnaturally passive.
在这个感情危机的时刻，她的态度显得异常地逆来顺受。
When she was still, there was a passivity about her, or a deception of passivity, that was not really passive at all.
她在静止的时候身上带着点迟钝的神气，那是一种迷惑人的假象，其实她一点也不迟钝。
If our government remained passive when stolen documents became media currency, confidence and the ability to negotiate would be undermined.
如果失窃的文件象货币媒介一样四处乱飞，我们的政府还视若无睹，那么在国际谈判中，我们的信心和能力就会受损害。
He could not be passive under the idea of her engagement to Mr Casaubon.
想到她居然许嫁给卡苏朋先生，他不能无动于衷。
They obeyed him because they were passive now.
他们乖乖地依了他的话，此时此刻他们已经毫无主见。
Sometimes Charlotte wished she were passive like Belinda.
夏洛蒂有时想不如象比琳达那样听天由命。
The indirect evidence favors the vacuolar localization of the passive poll.
这一间接证据有利于证明在夜泡中存在一个纯态库存。
A passive element cannot generate energy, but can only dissipate it or store it.
一个无源元素不能产生能量，只能消耗或贮存能量。
The joint venture will be more successful if one firm is willing to play a passive role.
如果有一方合营者甘愿充当配角，那么这个合资企业可能会取得更大的成功。
With a passive sort of smile he tried to reach her hand.
他也讪讪地露出笑容，想拉她的手。
Good is the passive that obeys reason.
善是服从理智的被动性。
Passport must be shown at the frontier.
出示护照方可入境。
Their harp was their passport.
他们的竖琴就是通行证。
But I don't feel unworthy to keep his company, without any passport from your hand.
不过我并不认为没有你们的凭证我就不配和他作伴。
His intelligence was adequate to his surroundings, and that is a passport, not only to reasonable success, but still more to happiness.
在他自己的那个环境里，他的智慧是绰绰有余的，这不仅是事业成功的敲门砖，而且是生活幸福的保障。
No one shall be allowed in unless he can give the password.
凡对不上口令的人将一律不准入内。
Some banks also require you to select a password.
有些银行还要求你挑选一个通行字。
To make room for Knudsen, Henry had to get rid of Ajay Miller, who had been our president for the past five years.
为了给克努森腾出职位来，亨利必须把过去五年一直担任总裁的阿尔杰伊•米勒解职。
There is no past history of renal involvement.
没有肾脏病的既往史。
All that is past.
所有这一切已经一去不复返了。
The physics of fundamental particles has been a recognized field of research only in the past 40 years.
基本粒子物理学，仅仅在最近四十年才成为被承认的一个研究领域。
Slavery was just recently past.
奴隶制刚刚废除。
That is the wise way to look at these things when once they are past.
这正是时过境迁看待事物的明智办法。
They are continually talking of the past, because they enjoy remembering it.
他们唠唠叨叨谈起往事，他们从回忆往事中得到快乐。
"Can't repeat the past?" he cried incredulously.
“不能重温旧梦?”他大不以为然地喊到。
There was no question that Chrysler had a respectable past.
毫无疑问，克莱斯勒公司有着光辉的历史。
They think that the oil under the surface of the earth originated in the distant past.
他们认为地下的石油在远古时期就开始形成。
The warm Japanese Current flows past the coast.
日本洋暖流流经海岸。
As a consequence of this angular velocity, the field of the relative air flow past the airplane is curved.
由于存在角速度，通过飞机的相对气流流场是弯曲的。
The two swans had turned their heads, and were looking past him into some distance of their own.
那两只天鹅掉过头来，眼睛掠过他自顾自向远方望去。
She looked apparently scarcely past girlhood.
她看起来简直完全是一个女孩子。
As her husband was past all the assistance of physic, so in reality she required none.
对她丈夫来说任何医药都无能为力了，所以她实际上任何医药也不需要了。
I was past caring now.
我现在已经把一切置之度外了。
Calderwood might smell the liquor on his breath and disapprove, but he was past that, too.
考德伍德可能从他嘴里嗅到酒气，从而表示不满，可是他已经不在乎这种事了。
If she kept us after school it was not to scold us but to help us past the hard part.
有时放学后，她把我们留下来，那并不是为了训斥我们，而是为了帮助我们弄明白难懂的地方。
Now and again a strange bird flew past, otherwise there was no sign of life.
天上时而飞过一种怪鸟，除此之外就没有任何生命的痕迹了。
The years flew past.
岁月飞逝。
You needn't think I'm going to go on enduring all this as I have in the past.
你不要以为我会象从前一样继续忍受这一切。
In the past, I never had to do much laying off.
在过去，我从来不需要大批地辞掉人员。
How could I live in the past when you and Bernie are so good to me?
你和伯尼待我这么好，我怎么还能用老眼光看人呢?
Don't rake up the past.
别翻旧帐。
He sealed the envelope with paste.
他用浆糊封好信封。
This paste contains dye, thickener, water and other chemicals.
印花浆含有染料，增稠剂，水和其它的化学品。
He doesn't know the difference between real pearls and paste.
他连真珍珠和玻璃珠都分不清。
For days placards had been pasted on every wall and displayed in every shop announcing the glad news.
几天来，每一堵墙上都贴上了公告，每一家商店都张挂了公告，宣布这一好消息。
Thus, continuous functions can be pasted together.
这样反函数就可以粘起来。
They have pasted up a notice on the wall.
他们把一张布告贴在墙上。
Wine spoilage can be prevented by pasteurization.
应用巴斯德灭菌法能够防止酒的败坏。
A cause of the phenomenon was shown to be the pasteurization of the serum above 60℃.
曾发生这个现象的唯一原因是在60℃以上对血清作巴斯德消毒。
Using milk that has not been pasteurized can be dangerous.
食用未经消毒的牛奶可能会发生危险。
This elaborate pastiche was too much for me.
画这样精致的一幅模仿作品是我力所不能及的。
The modified Mercalli scale is a pastiche of psychological, engineering, and geological criteria.
修飞的麦卡利烈度表是心理，工程和地质标准的混合物。
My opinion is that you are greatly to blame for playing pranks upon a man like Mr. Boldwood, merely as a pastime.
我的看法是你仅仅为了消遣，就捉弄博尔德伍德先生这样的人是该大受谴责的。
The game was not important, a pastime for book bags.
这游戏没什么了不起，不过是书生们消遣解闷用的。
In the advanced state of society, they are all very poor people who follow as a trade, what other people pursue as a pastime.
在进步社会内，把别人消遣的事当作职业的人，都是极贫苦的。
They are indolent, as a general thing, and yet have a few pastimes.
一般说来，他们总是懒洋洋的，但倒有几种解闷的法子。
like bird-watching, aircraft spotting has become a national pastime.
观察飞机就象观鸟一样已成为一项全国性的活动。
Speculation as to the desirability of this process is an unprofitable pastime .
猜测这一进程有何可取之处是无益之举。
He was the son of a poor pastor.
他是一个穷牧师的儿子。
We drove over to Fifth Avenue, so warm and soft, almost pastoral, on the summer Sunday afternoon.
我们坐着车子来到五号路，在这夏天星期日的下午，空气又温暖又柔和，有近似田园的风味。
Pastoral people are among the most vulnerable in the modern world.
畜牧民族是现在世界上最易受到侵害的民族。
Our situation in this respect differs very much from that in New Zealand, which is generally regarded as the world's leading pastoral country.
我们在这方面的情况，与被认为是世界上首屈一指的草场国家新西兰很不相同。
Why don't you mix your biscuit on the pastry table, there?
你为什么不在那张揉面的桌子上做发面饼呢?
If you eat so much pastry, you can't complain if you get fat.
假如你要吃那么多糕点，你长胖了就不要埋怨。
The people lead a quiet life among the green pastures and the still waters.
人们在青色的牧场和幽静的溪流中间过着平静的生活。
Do you never feel as though you had been turned out to pasture?
你怎么会从来不觉得自己被赶到草场上去了呢?
Sheep do not thrive on long pasture.
羊吃长草不能健壮。
Pasture is the most important single crop in British agriculture.
在英国农业中，牧草是最重要的一种作物。
For sows maintained on pasture, an important aspect of environment is the evaluation of the nutritive value of the grazing.
母猪在放牧饲养时，环境的一个重要方面是对放牧的营养价值的估价问题。
He patted me on the back.
他轻拍我的背。
She patted her chest.
她拍拍胸脯。
He pats Vernon on the back and walks on.
他在弗农的背上拍了一下，走开了。
He looked kindly down on them and patted their heads.
他慈祥地向下打量着他们，并用手抚摸他们的头。
Spruance patted his crimson face with a square-folded handkerchief.
斯普鲁恩斯用块摺得方方正正的手帕抹抹红彤彤的脸。
I wish I could send you a pat of the fresh butter I churned yesterday.
我真想送你一块我昨天做的新鲜奶油。
You deserve a pat on the back.
你应受到表扬。
Some celestial bodies similar to galactic nebulas but without any luminosity sometimes reveal their presence as dark patches obscuring the light of stars beyond them.
某些与银河星云相似但不发光的天体，有时看来象块黑色补丁，遮住了周围的星光。
These unusual celestial bodies are composed of single or multiple nebulous patches, some nearly stellar in appearance.
这些异常天体，由单个或多个星云状斑组成，有的外形近于恒星。
They were shiny patches on the black creek.
在那黑色溪流的水面上有些闪光的斑点。
The Spanish oaks were hung with patches of wine red, the sumach was brilliant in the darkening underbrush.
西班牙栎树显出斑驳的葡萄酒红色，漆树在逐渐暗淡下去的矮树丛中闪闪发亮。
When you look at the sunlit surface of the moon, you can see that there are both light and dark patches.
当你看太阳照亮的月球表面时，你可以看到光亮和黑暗的斑纹。
A circular opening in an opaque screen transmits only a small circular patch of a wave surface.
不透明屏上一个圆孔仅仅透射波面的一小圆块。
He got born like the cotton in the boll or the rabbit in the pea patch.
他就象棉桃里的棉花，象豌豆地里的野兔子一样生下来了。
She has patches of genius, but not often whole poems.
她有片断的天才，却往往写不出整首的佳作来。
There were patches of old snow under the crest.
山顶下星星点点还残存着积雪。
To facilitate bone patching, they have pins, screws, plates.
为了有利于骨骼的修补，他们采用了针、螺丝和金属板。
His boots were patched down at heel.
他的靴子七拼八补，后跟已坐了下去。
The school's football team's going through a bad patch this season.
本季度该校足球队运气不佳。
He patched up an old bicycle to ride to work and save carfare.
他修补了一辆旧自行车，骑车上工，省下了交通费。
He would indeed seek to patch things up.
他一定会设法把事情加以补救。
Humour can be used for patching up differences, apologizing, saying "no", criticizing, getting the other fellow to do what you want without his losing face.
幽默可以用来消除隔阂、致以歉意，有礼拒绝，诚肯批评，让别人按照你的意愿行事而又不丢面子。
They have patched up their quarrel.
他们已平息了争吵。
He assured me that the matter would be patched up.
他要我放心，事情会解决的.
I figured we'd patch thing up at supper.
我考虑吃饭时我们就会言归于好的。
Evidently his wife was not going to patch up peace at a word.
他的太太显然不是用一句话就可以和解的。
Don't worry, We've done well in the past, and we shall do well again.
别担心，我们过去干得不错，将来也会干得好.
At the moment we've struck a sticky patch .
目前我们暂时遇到困难。
The patella is triangular with its apes directed downward.
髌骨是一个夹端指向下的三角形骨。
The patent for this process was awarded in 1922.
此方法在1922年获得专利。
Birdseye held nearly 300 patents.
伯宰拥有近300个专利权。
His master holds the patent of it.
现在专利证还在他东家手里呢。
A patent right is an exclusive right to an invention.
专利权就是发明的专有权。
It was patent that Wolf had had no experience with women.
沃尔夫显然从未接触过女人。
During the patent period, diagnosis is easily made on the basis of the characteristic eggs.
在显露期中，根据特征性虫卵容易作出诊断。
This, at any rate, was a patent fact, and beyond the experience of the world.
无论如何，这些都是明摆着的事实，可又绝非凡夫俗子所能理解。
Repeated intravenous injections are dependent upon the ability to maintain a patent vein .
反复注射有赖于静脉保持通畅。
Recovering himself in a minute he opened for us two hulking patent cabinets.
过了一会，精神恢复之后，他为我们打开了两个非常讲究的特大衣橱。
This cement was first patented in 1824 but it was not in wide use until the beginning of the present century.
这种水泥在1824年首次取得了专利，但是直到本世纪初才广泛地应用。
Biro patented his invention in the United States and sold the rights to an American manufacturer.
比罗在美国取得这项发明的专利权，他把专利卖给了一个美国制造商。
Tom's voice groped unsuccessfully for the paternal note.
汤姆竭力装出父辈的口吻，可是并不成功。
He sensed in, Levchenko a quick mind, and took a paternal interest in him, talking to him for hours on winter nights.
他发觉列夫钦科头脑敏捷并象慈父般地关怀他，在冬天的夜里，两人一谈就是几个小时。
"Well, and how are you, sir?" said the stout gentleman, addressing Mr. Snodgrass with paternal anxiety.
“你呢，你好吗，先生?”胖绅士用父兄般的关切对史拿格拉斯先生说。
He had an almost paternal fondness for Pen.
他几乎象父亲一样爱护潘。
My paternal adviser of the past few months, Fried-rich Luschen, had arrived at the Chancellery.
最后几个月里我敬若尊长的顾问弗里德里•吕申来到了总理府。
Such programs are often mistaken for corporate paternalism.
这种做法常常被误解为公司的温情主义。
We expected the path to end abruptly, but we found that it traced its way through the trees.
我们原以为小道会突然中断，但发现它却穿过树林，蜿蜒向前。
They had walked in single file down the path.
他们是一前一后走下小径的。
She walked along the path.
她沿着小路走去。
He went down the broad gravel path towards the building.
他顺着石子铺的宽甬路，朝着那座大楼走去。
He found a hunters' path.
他发现了一条猎人走的蹊径。
A wise man ought always to follow the paths beaten by great men.
一个聪明人应该永远沿着伟大人物开辟的道路前进。
These high-frequency short waves are only able to travel in straight paths from the transmitter.
这些高频短波从发射机发出后只能以直线传播。
If the structure is elastic the force-displacement curve follows the same path on loading and unloading.
如果该结构为弹性者，那么在加载和卸载时力位移曲线遵循相同的迹线。
This middle path would guide him to the target.
这条中间的路线就可引导他飞向目标。
As we got nearer to the turn of the land reefs began to be seen here and there on our very path.
我们快要驶近陆地的转角处，看见航线上东一个，西一个地散布着暗礁。
The flight path would then either intersect the earth, or go off into space.
飞行轨迹不是和地球相交，就是离开地球而进入宇宙空间。
Looking to the South, the paths of the stars are simply very large circles.
往南看，恒星的轨道简直成了一些很大的圆周。
Optical depth and optical path are often confused in the literature.
文献中光学厚度和光程时常混淆。
Such a diagram is called a flow chart and the path of action is easily seen in the chart.
这样的图表叫做程序框图，动作的过程在图中很容易看出。
We shall follow that path for the first half of this chapter.
在本章前半部分，我们将遵循这一条途径。
When we look in a mirror, we actually see light that has traveled in a broken path.
当我们对着镜子看时，看到的光事实上是沿折断路径传播的。
A path is a sequence of distinct nodes.
通路是不同节点的序列。
Along the ravine there was a mule path.
沿着这条深谷有一条羊肠小路。
She was now so famous that all the newspaper reporters in London were beating a path to her door.
这时她已经大名鼎鼎，伦敦所有的新闻记者都纷纷上门采访。
These girls dare to blaze new paths.
这些姑娘敢于闯新路。
He made those confessions to lead the police up the garden path.
他作出这些供认来迷惑警察。
But he handles his pathetic characters with an acute sympathy, and his obnoxious ones with acute distaste.
不过，他同情笔下可怜的人物，鄙夷可憎之徒。
What was the next step he should take in this pathetic affair?
对这桩惨案，他第二步应该怎么做?
It's pathetic that human beings should be condemned to spend the greater part of their lives amid such surroundings.
悲惨的是，人的大半辈子竟被禁锢在这种环境里。
She had kept that pathetic burden in her heart 64 years.
她把这伤心事在自己心里藏了六十四年。
I never heard anything that sounded so pathetic.
我从未听说过如此悲伤的事了。
He stared up with a pathetic sharpness of glance from under his shaggy eyebrows.
他的眼睛从灰白的粗眉底下往上瞧，眼神悲哀而锐利。
The strain was solemn and affecting, sustained as it was by the pathetic warble of a voice.
曲子既庄严又感人，是由悲怆的颤音唱出来的。
Money and fine clothes could not mend these defects or cover them up, they only made them the more glaring and the more pathetic.
金钱和漂亮衣服都不能弥补这些缺点，也不能把它们掩饰起来；反而使这些缺点更刺眼，更加叫人难过。
The two made a pretty, or rather a pathetic, picture.
这两个人组成了一副美丽的，更确切点儿是令人伤感的画面。
She was a pathetic figure as she stepped out of the cab with the baby in her arms.
她抱着孩子从马车上下来，一付哀婉动人的样子。
